id,nation,lyrics_english
1,abkhazia,"March on, march on,
sons of Abkhazia!
Shed our blood
for Abkhazia,
sons of Abkhazia!
Shed our blood
for independence,
sons of Abkhazia!
O-ho-ho-o-ho-o-rada
O-ho-ho-o-ho-o-radara!
Like the sun in the sky,
you are always Abkhazia!
Your love has warmed countless hearts,
with mountains and seas put on you.
Men's conscience also puts on you,
Starry, sacred Abkhazia!
Rada, Reyda, Rarira,
Rada, Rerama, Rerasha!
Mother of the hero,
where Nart is born – how sacred!
Abkhazia, may the world bless you
for thousands more of years to come.
Children unite as one people,
Brothers shoulder to shoulder.
March on, Abkhazians!
Brothers, march on!
In Transcaucasia,
we're always here,
God's watching here,
for a better future!
March on, Abkhazians!
The sun is rising!
What a bright future!
Love forever,
that's God's bless to
Victory's bright future!"
2,Afghanistan,"This land is Afghanistan, it is the pride of every Afghan The land of peace, the land of sword, each of its sons is brave This is the country of every tribe, The land of Balochs and Uzbeks Pashtuns and Hazaras, Turkmens and Tajiks With them, there are Arabs and Gujjars, Pamiris, Nuristanis Brahuis, and Qizilbash, also Aimaqs and Pashais This land will shine for ever, like the sun in the blue sky In the chest of Asia, it will remain as heart for ever We will follow the one God We all say, ""Allah is the greatest!"", we all say, ""Allah is the greatest!"", we all say, ""Allah is the greatest!"""
3,Albania,"Around our flag we stand united,
With one wish and one goal,
A sacred oath we bestow upon it
Proclaiming loyalty for our salvation.
From war abstains only he,
Who a traitor is born,
He who is a true man is not frightened,
But dies a warrior to the cause.
With weapons in our hands a-brandished,
We will defend our fatherland,
Our sacred rights we’ll not relinquish,
The foe has no place in our land.
For God himself proclaimed:
The nations of the earth shall wane,
And yet will live, will thrive Albania.
For you, for you we fight."
4,Algeria,"We swear by the lightning that destroys,
By the virtuous and fragrant blood,
We swear by the lightning that destroys,
By the virtuous and fragrant blood,
By the shining, fluttering banners,
In the steep and majestic mountains,
That we have risen to revolution in life or death
and we have resolved that Algeria shall live
So bear witness, bear witness, bear witness!
We are soldiers in revolt for truth
And we have fought for our independence.
When we spoke, nobody listened to us,
So we have taken the noise of gunpowder as our rhythm
And the sound of machine guns as our melody,
We are determined that Algeria should live,
So be our witness -be our witness -be our witness!
O France, the time of reproof is over
And we have ended it as a book is ended;
O France, this is the day of reckoning
So prepare to receive from us our answer!
In our revolution is the end of empty talk;
We are determined that Algeria should live,
So be our witness -be our witness -be our witness!
From our heroes we shall make an army come to being,
From our dead we shall build up a glory,
Our spirits shall ascend to immortality
And on our shoulders we shall raise the Standard.
To the nation’s Liberation Front we have sworn an oath,
We are determined that Algeria should live,
So be our witness -be our witness -be our witness!
The cry of the Fatherland sounds from the battlefields.
Listen to it and answer the call!
Let it be written with the blood of martyrs
And be read to future generations.
Oh, Glory, we have held out our hand to you,
We are determined that Algeria should live,
So be our witness -be our witness -be our witness!"
5,Andorra,"The great Charlemagne, my father, from the Saracens liberated me And from heaven he gave me life, of Meritxell, the great Mother. I was born a Princess, a Maiden neutral between two nations. I am the only remaining daughter, of the Carolingian empire. Believing and free for eleven centuries, a believer and free I will be. The laws of the land be my tutors, and my Princes defenders! And my Princes defenders!"
6,Angola,"O Fatherland, we shall never forget 
The heroes of the Fourth of February.
O Fatherland, we salute your sons
Who died for our Independence.
We honour the past and our history
As by our work we build the New Man.
We honour the past and our history
As by our work we build the New Man.
Forward, Angola! 
Revolution through the power of the People!
A United Country, Freedom, 
One People, one Nation!
Forward, Angola! 
Revolution through the power of the People!
A United Country, Freedom, 
One People, one Nation!
Let us raise our liberated voices
For the glory of the peoples of Africa.
We shall march, Angolan fighters,
In solidarity with oppressed peoples.
We shall fight proudly for Peace
Along with the progressive forces of the world.
We shall fight proudly for Peace
Along with the progressive forces of the world.
Forward, Angola! 
Revolution through the power of the People!
A United Country, Freedom, 
One People, one Nation!
Forward, Angola! 
Revolution through the power of the People!
A United Country, Freedom, 
One People, one Nation!"
7,Antigua and Barbuda,"Fair Antigua and Barbuda! We thy sons and daughters stand Strong and firm in peace or danger To safeguard our native land We commit ourselves to building A true nation brave and free; Ever striving, ever seeking, Dwell in love and unity"
8,Argentina,"Hear, mortals, the sacred cry: ""Freedom! Freedom! Freedom!"" Hear the sound of broken chains See noble equality enthroned. Their most worthy throne have now opened The United Provinces of the South. And the free people of the world reply: ""To the great Argentine people, hail!"" ""To the great Argentine people, hail!"" And the free ones of the world reply: ""To the great Argentine people, hail!"" And the free ones of the world reply: ""To the great Argentine people, hail!"" May the laurels be eternal that we were able to achieve that we were able to achieve Let us live crowned in glory or let us swear in glory to die Or let us swear in glory to die Or let us swear in glory to die."
9,Armenia,"Our Fatherland, free, independent, That has for centuries lived, Is now summoning its sons To the free, independent Armenia. Is now summoning its sons To the free, independent Armenia. Here is a flag for you, my brother, That I have sewn by hand Over the sleepless nights, And bathed in my tears. Over the sleepless nights, And bathed in my tears. Look at it, tricolored, A valuable symbol for us. Let it shine against the enemy. Let you, Armenia, be glorious forever. Let it shine against the enemy. Let you, Armenia, be glorious forever. Death is the same everywhere, A man dies but once, Blessed is the one that dies For the freedom of his nation. Blessed is the one that dies For the freedom of his nation."
10,Australia,"Australians all let us rejoice, For we are young and free; We've golden soil and wealth for toil; Our home is girt by sea; Our land abounds in nature's gifts Of beauty rich and rare; In history's page, let every stage Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair."
11,Austria,"Land of mountains, land by the river, Land of fields, land of cathedrals, Land of hammers, with a promising future! Home to great daughters and sons, (pre-2012: Thou art home to great sons,) A nation highly blessed with beauty, Much-praised Austria! Much-praised Austria!"
12,Azerbaijan,"Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan! The glorious Fatherland of our valorous fathers! We stand at the ready to die for thee! We stand at the ready to shed our blood! All so that we may live blissfully under thy tri-color banner! All so that we may live blissfully under thy tri-color banner! Thousands of martyrs had died for thy cause, Thy sweeping plains had become fields of battle! And our warriors had bravely defended thee! Each one a hero in the storied annals of our land! Thou hast now become our rosegarden, Our hearts we are ever-ready to sacrifice! Thy never–ending love for us Hast earned thou a place in our hearts! To uphold thy honor, To keep thy flag waving, To uphold thy honor, The young stand at the ready! The glorious Fatherland! The glorious Fatherland! Azerbaijan! Azerbaijan! Azerbaijan! Azerbaijan!"
13,Bahamas,"Lift up your head to the rising sun, Bahamaland; March on to glory, your bright banners waving high. See how the world marks the manner of your bearing! Pledge to excel through love and unity. Pressing onward, march together to a common loftier goal; Steady sunward, tho' the weather hide the wide and treachrous shoal. Lift up your head to the rising sun, Bahamaland, 'Til the road you've trod lead unto your God, March On, Bahamaland."
14,Bahrain,"Our Bahrain Our King (is) the symbol of harmony Its Constitution is high in the place and the position Its Charter represents the way of Shari'a, Arabism and the values Long live the Kingdom of Bahrain! (This is the) country of nobles (and) cradle of peace Its Constitution is high in the place and the position Its Charter represents the way of Shari'a, Arabism and the values Long live the Kingdom of Bahrain!"
15,Bangladesh,"My golden Bengal, I love you. Forever thy skies, thy air set my heart in tune as if it were a flute, O mother! The aroma of the mango orchard in Falgun drives me crazy, Ah, what a thrill! O mother! In Ogrohayon time sees sweet smiles all through mature fields of paddy. What beauty, what shades, what affection, what tenderness! What a quilt have thee spread at the feet of banyan trees and along the bank of every river, Oh mother mine, words from thy lips are like nectar to my ears. Ah, what a thrill! If sadness, O mother! casts a gloom on your face, my eyes are filled with tears!"
16,Barbados,"In plenty and in time of need When this fair land was young Our brave forefathers sowed the seed From which our pride is sprung A pride that makes no wanton boast Of what it has withstood That binds our hearts from coast to coast The pride of nationhood We loyal sons and daughters all Do hereby make it known These fields and hills beyond recall Are now our very own We write our name on history's page With expectations great Strict guardians of our heritage Firm craftsmen of our fate The Lord has been the people's guide For past three hundred years. With Him still on the people's side We have no doubts or fears. Upward and onward we shall go, Inspired, exulting, free, And greater will our nation grow In strength and unity. We loyal sons and daughters all Do hereby make it known These fields and hills beyond recall Are now our very own We write our name on history's page With expectations great Strict guardians of our heritage Firm craftsmen of our fate"
17,Belarus,"We, Belarusians, are peaceful people, Wholeheartedly devoted to our Motherland. We are faithful friends, growing up Living in a hardworking and independent family. Glory to the blessed name of our land, Glory to the brotherly union of peoples! Our dearly beloved Motherland, May you live long and prosper, Belarus! Our dearly beloved Motherland, May you live long and prosper, Belarus! Together with our brothers, we for centuries Courageously defended our home's threshold. In battles for freedom, and battles for our lot We have won our banners of victory! Glory to the blessed name of our land, Glory to the brotherly union of peoples! Our dearly beloved Motherland, May you live long and prosper, Belarus! Our dearly beloved Motherland, May you live long and prosper, Belarus! Friendship of peoples is the strength of peoples And it is our sacred sunlit path. Proudly we fly in the clear blue skies, The banner of victory, the sunshine's flag! Glory to the blessed name of our land, Glory to the brotherly union of peoples! Our dearly beloved Motherland, May you live long and prosper, Belarus! Our dearly beloved Motherland, May you live long and prosper, Belarus!"
18,Belgium,"O dear Belgium, O holy land of the fathers, Our soul and our heart are devoted to you! Accept our strength and the blood in our veins, Be our goal, in work and struggle. Prosper, O land, in unbreakable unity; Always be yourself and serve no other, Faithful to the word that you may speak boldly, For King, for Freedom and for Law!"
19,Belize,"O, Land of the Free by the Carib Sea, Our manhood we pledge to thy liberty! No tyrants here linger, despots must flee This tranquil haven of democracy The blood of our sires which hallows the sod, Brought freedom from slavery, oppression's rod By the might of truth, and the grace of God, No longer shall we be hewers of wood. Arise! ye sons of the Baymen's clan, Put on your armour, clear the land! Drive back the tyrants, let despots flee - Land of the Free by the Carib Sea! Nature has blessed thee with wealth untold, O'er mountains and valleys where prairies roll; Our fathers, the Baymen, valiant and bold Drove back the invader; this heritage hold From proud Rio Hondo to old Sarstoon, Through coral isle, over blue lagoon; Keep watch with the angels, the stars and moon; For freedom comes tomorrow's noon. Arise! ye sons of the Baymen's clan, Put on your armour, clear the land! Drive back the tyrants, let despots flee - Land of the Free by the Carib Sea!"
20,Benin,"Children of Benin, arise! The resounding cry of freedom Is heard at the first light of dawn, Children of Benin, arise! Formerly, at her call, our ancestors Knew how to engage in mighty battles With strength, courage, ardour, and full of joy, but at the price of blood. Builders of present, you too, join forces Each day for the task stronger in unity. Build without ceasing for posterity."
21,Bhutan,"In the Kingdom of Bhutan adorned with cypress trees, The Protector who reigns over the realm of spiritual and secular traditions, He is the King of Bhutan, the precious sovereign. May His being remain unchanging, and the Kingdom prosper, May the teachings of the Enlightened One flourish, May the sun of peace and happiness shine over all people."
22,Bolivia,"Bolivians, a propicious fate has at long last crowned our vows and longings; This land is free, free at last. Its servile state has now finally ceased. The martial turmoil of yesterday, and the horrible clamor of war, are followed today, in harmonious contrast, by sweet hymns of peace and unity. Are followed today, in harmonious contrast, by sweet hymns of peace and unity. Let us keep the lofty name of our Fatherland in glorious splendor. And, on its altars, once more we must swear: to die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves! Eternal praise to the brave warriors whose heroic valor and firmness conquered the freedom and glories that now a happy Bolivia justly begins to enjoy! Let their names, preserved forever in marble and bronze, transmit their glory to remote future ages. And in resounding song let them repeat their simple call: Freedom! Freedom! Freedom! And in resounding song let them repeat their simple call: Freedom! Freedom! Freedom! Let us keep the lofty name of our Fatherland in glorious splendor. And, on its altars, once more we must swear: to die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves! Here has Justice erected its Throne which vile oppression ignores and, on its glorious stamp let us rejoice Freedom, freedom, freedom This innocent and beautiful land, which owes its name to Bolívar, is the happy homeland where mankind enjoys the benefits of bliss and peace. Is the happy homeland where mankind enjoys the benefits of bliss and peace. Let us keep the lofty name of our Fatherland in glorious splendor. And, on its altars, once more we must swear: to die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves! If a foreigner may, any given day even attempt to subjugate Bolivia, let him prepare for a fatal destiny, which menaces such brave aggressor. For the sons of the mighty Bolívar have sworn, thousands upon thousands of times: to die rather than see the country's majestic banner humiliated. To die rather than see the country's majestic banner humiliated. Let us keep the lofty name of our Fatherland in glorious splendor. And, on its altars, once more we must swear: to die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves! To die before we would live as slaves!"
23,Bosnia and Herzegovina,"You're the light of the soul Eternal fire's flame Mother of ours, o land of Bosnia I belong to you The beautiful blue sky Of Herzegovina In the heart are your rivers Your mountains Proud and famous Land of ancestors You shall live in our hearts Ever more Generations of yours Show up as one We go into the future Together! We go into the future Together!"
24,Botswana,"Blessed be this noble land, Gift to us from God's strong hand, Heritage our fathers left to us; May it always be at peace. Awake, awake, O men, awake! And women close beside them stand, Together we'll work and serve This land, this happy land! Work of beauty and of fame, The name Botswana to us came Through our unity and harmony, We'll remain at peace as one. Awake, awake, O men, awake! And women close beside them stand, Together we'll work and serve This land, this happy land! Awake, awake, O men, awake! And women close beside them stand, Together we'll work and serve This land, this happy land!"
25,Brazil,"The placid banks of the Ipiranga heard The resounding cry of a heroic folk And the sun of Liberty in shining beams Shone in the homeland's sky at that instant. If the pledge of this equality We managed to conquer with strong arm, In thy bosom, O Freedom, Our chest defies death itself! O beloved, Idolized homeland, Hail, hail! Brazil, an intense dream, a vivid ray Of love and hope descends to earth If in thy comely, smiling and limpid sky The image of the (Southern) Crossblazes. Giant by thine own nature, Thou art beautiful, thou art strong, a fearless colossus, And thy future mirrors that greatness. Adored Land Amongst a thousand others Art thou, Brazil, O beloved homeland! Of the sons of this ground Thou art kind mother, Beloved homeland, Brazil!"
26,Brunei,"O Allah, we plead and cry to Thee, Our Sultan and King, him a long life lease, Help him rule thy lands, disposition wise, Gates of glory and joy he shall boldly prise, Peace be on our land, peace be on our Sultan, God save Brunei, our beloved abode of peace."
27,Bulgaria,"Proud Balkan Mountains, next to it the Danube sparkles, the sun shines over Thrace, and blazes over Pirin. Dear Motherland, you are heaven on earth, your beauty, your loveliness, ah, they are boundless. Dear Motherland, You are an earthly heaven, Thy beauty, thy loveliness, o', they have no bounds."
28,Burkina Faso,"Proud Balkan Mountains, next to it the Danube sparkles, the sun shines over Thrace, and blazes over Pirin. Dear Motherland, you are heaven on earth, your beauty, your loveliness, ah, they are boundless. Dear Motherland, You are an earthly heaven, Thy beauty, thy loveliness, o', they have no bounds"
29,Burundi,"Proud Balkan Mountains, next to it the Danube sparkles, the sun shines over Thrace, and blazes over Pirin. Dear Motherland, you are heaven on earth, your beauty, your loveliness, ah, they are boundless. Dear Motherland, You are an earthly heaven, Thy beauty, thy loveliness, o', they have no bounds."
30,Cabo Verde,"Sing, brother Sing, my brother For Liberty is a hymn And Man the certainty. With dignity, bury The seed In the dust of the naked island At the escarpment of life Hope is as big as The sea Which embraces us Sentinel of the oceans and winds Persevering Between the stars and the Atlantic Intone the Chant of Liberty. Sing, brother Sing, my brother For Liberty is a hymn And Man the certainty."
31,Cambodia,"May the Devas save our king To grant him happiness and prosperity We, his servants, wish to refuge under his completeness Of sovereign's line, ones being to build temples Reigning over old Khmer's glorious land. Temples of stone, hidden amid forests Bethought of the mighty Maha Nokor's triumphs Khmer race stands tough and solid as eternal stone We pray for the best upon Kampuchea's destiny A grand nation've ever occurred for. Dharma risen, up from monasteries Chant with joy, commemorate of Buddhism Let us be faithful to our ancestors' belief Assuredly, Devas will grant its bounty Toward Khmer's, the grand nation."
32,Cameroon,"O Cameroon cradle of our ancestors, Go, upright and jealous of your freedom. As the sun, let your flag be proud, A symbol of ardent faith and unity, May all your children, from North to South From East to West, live in love! May serving you be their sole purpose To fulfill their duty forever. Dear Fatherland, dear land, You are our only true happiness. Our joy, our life To you, love and the greatest honor"
33,Canada,"O Canada! Our home and native land! True patriot love in all of us command. With glowing hearts we see thee rise, The True North strong and free! From far and wide, O Canada, we stand on guard for thee. God keep our land glorious and free! O Canada, we stand on guard for thee. O Canada, we stand on guard for thee."
34,Central African Republic (CAR),"Oh! Central Africa, cradle of the Bantu! Take up again your right to respect, to life! Long subjugated, long scorned by all, But, from today, breaking tyranny's hold. Through work, order and dignity You reconquer your rights, your unity, And to take this new step The voice of our ancestors call us. To work! In order and dignity, In the respect for rights and in unity, Breaking poverty and tyranny, Holding high the flag of the Fatherland"
35,Chad,"People of Chad, arise and to work! You have conquered the soiland won your rights; Your freedom will be born of your courage. Lift up your eyes, the future is yours. O my Country, may God protect you, May your neighbours admire your children. Joyful, peaceful, advance as you sing, Faithful to your fathers who are watching you. People of Chad, arise and to work! You have conquered the soil and won your rights; Your freedom will be born of your courage. Lift up your eyes, the future is yours."
36,Chile,"How pure, Chile, is your blue sky And how pure the breezes that blow across you And your countryside embroidered with flowers Is a wonderful copy of Eden How majestic are the snow-covered mountains That were given to you by God as protection That were given to you by God as protection And the sea that tranquilly bathes your shores Promises future splendor for you And the sea that tranquilly bathes your shores Promises future splendor for you. Beloved Homeland, receive the vows That Chile gave you on your altars That you be either the tomb of the free Or a refuge from oppression That you be either the tomb of the free Or a refuge from oppression That you be either the tomb of the free Or a refuge from oppression Or a refuge from oppression Or a refuge from oppression"
37,China,"Arise, ye who refuse to be slaves! With our flesh and blood, let us build a new Great Wall! As China faces its greatest peril From each one the urgent call to action comes forth. Arise! Arise! Arise! Millions of but one heart Braving the enemies' fire! March on! Braving the enemies' fire! March on! March on! March, march on!"
38,Colombia,"Oh, unwithering glory! Oh, immortal jubilance! In furrows of pain, goodness now germinates. Goodness now germinates. Oh, unwithering glory! Oh, immortal jubilance! In furrows of pain, goodness now germinates. The dreadful night has ceased. Sublime Liberty beams forth the dawn of her invincible light. All of humanity that groans within its chains, understands the words of He who died on the cross. Oh, unwithering glory! Oh, immortal jubilance! In furrows of pain, goodness now germinates. Goodness now germinates. Oh, unwithering glory! Oh, immortal jubilance! In furrows of pain, goodness now germinates."
39,Comoros,"The flag is flying, Announcing complete independence; The nation rises up Because of the faith we have In this our Comoria. Let us always have devotion To love our Great Islands. We Comorians are of one blood, We Comorians are of one faith. On these Islands we were born, These Islands brought us up. May God always help us; Let us always have the firm resolve To love our fatherland, Love our religion and the world. The flag is flying. From the Sixth of July The Nation rises up; Our Islands are lined up. Mayotte and Anjouan, Moheli and N'Gazidja, Let us always have devotion To love our Great Islands."
40,"Congo, Democratic Republic of the","Arise, Congolese, united by fate, United in the struggle for independence, Let us hold up our heads, so long bowed, And now, for good, let us keep moving boldly ahead, in peace. Oh, ardent people, by hard work we shall build, In peace, a country more beautiful than before. Countrymen, sing the sacred hymn of your solidarity, Proudly salute the golden emblem of your soverignity, Congo. Blessed gift (Congo) of our forefathers (Congo), Oh country (Congo) that we love (Congo), We shall people your soil and ensure your greatness. (30th June) Oh gentle sun (30th June) of 30th June, (Sacred day) Be witness (sacred day) of the immortal oath of freedom That we hand on to our children for ever"
41,Costa Rica,"Noble homeland, your beautiful flag Express for us your life: Under the limpid blue of your skies, Peace reigns, white and pure. In the tenacious battle of fruitful toil, That brings a glow to men’s faces, Your sons, simple farm hands, Gained eternal renown, esteem and honour Gained eternal renown, esteem and honour. Hail gentle country, hail loving mother! If anyone should attempt to besmirch your glory, You will see your people, valiant and virile, Exchange their rustic tools for weapons. Hail O homeland! Your prodigal soil Gives us sweet sustenance and shelter. Under the limpid blue of your sky, May peaceful labour ever continue."
42,Cote d'Ivoire,"We salute you, O land of hope, Country of hospitality; Thy full gallant legions Have restored thy dignity. Beloved Ivory Coast, thy sons, Proud builders of thy greatness, All gathered together for thy glory, In joy will we construct thee Proud Ivorians, the country calls us. If we have brought back liberty peacefully, It will be our duty to be an example Of the hope promised to humanity, In building, united in the new faith The homeland of true brotherhood."
43,Croatia,"Our beautiful homeland, Oh so fearless and gracious, Our fathers' ancient glory, May you be blessed forever. Dear, you are our only glory, Dear, you are our only one, Dear, we love your plains, Dear, we love your mountains. Drava, Sava, keep on flowing, Danube, do not lose your vigour, Deep blue sea, tell the world, That a Croat loves his homeland. Whilst his fields are kissed by sunshine, Whilst his oaks are whipped by wild winds, Whilst his dear ones go to heaven, Whilst his live heart beats."
44,Cuba,"To arms, quickly, ye Bayamesans! As the homeland looks proudly to you; do not fear a glorious death, For to die for the homeland is to live To live in shackles is to live Mired in shame and disgrace, Now hear the sound of the bugle; Quickly, ye brave, to arms!"
45,Cyprus,"I recognize you by the fearsome sharpness, of your sword, I recognize you by your face that hastefully defines the land (i.e. the land's borders). From the sacred bones, of the Hellenes arisen, and valiant again as you once were, Hail, o hail, Liberty! And valiant again as you once were, Hail, o hail, Liberty! And valiant again as you once were, Hail, o hail, Liberty!"
46,Czechia,"Where my home is, where my home is, Water roars across the meadows, Pinewoods rustle among rocks, The orchard is glorious with spring blossom, Paradise on earth it is to see. And this is that beautiful land, The Czech land, my home, The Czech land, my home!"
47,Denmark,"There is a lovely land with spreading, shady beech-trees, Near salty eastern shore Near salty eastern shore Its hills and valleys gently fall, its name is ancient Denmark, and it is Freya's hall. And it is Freya's hall. There in the ancient days sat armoured giants rested Between their bloody frays Between their bloody frays Then they went forth the foe to face, now found in stone-set barrows, Their final resting place Their final resting place. This land is still as fair, the sea is blue around it, And peace is cherished there And peace is cherished there Strong men and noble women still uphold their country's honour With faithfulness and skill With faithfulness and skill Our ancient Denmark shall remain, as long as beech tops mirror in waves of blue their chain! In waves of blue their chain!"
48,Djibouti,"Arise with strength! For we have raised our flag, The flag which has cost us dear With extremes of thirst and pain. Our flag, whose colours are the everlasting green of the earth, The blue of the sky, and white, the colour of peace; And in the centre the red star of blood. Oh flag of ours, what a glorious sight!"
49,Dominica,"Isle of beauty, isle of splendour, Isle to all so sweet and fair, All must surely gaze in wonder At thy gifts so rich and rare. Rivers, valleys, hills and mountains, All these gifts we do extol. Healthy land, so like all fountains, Giving cheer that warms the soul. Dominica, God hath blest thee With a clime benign and bright, Pastures green and flowers of beauty Filling all with pure delight, And a people strong and healthy, Full of godly reverent fear. May we ever seek to praise Thee For these gifts so rich and rare. Come ye forward, sons and daughters Of this gem beyond compare. Strive for honour, sons and daughters, Do the right, be firm, be fair. Toil with hearts and hands and voices. We must prosper! Sound the call, In which ev'ryone rejoices, ""All for Each and Each for All."""
50,Dominican Republic,"Brave Quisqueyans, Let’s raise our song with vivid emotion, From the world to the face of the earth Show our unconquered glorious banner. Hail, the nation who strong and intrepid, Into war launched itself set to die When in a warring challenge to the death Its chains of slavery still it cut off. No people deserves to be free If it’s an indolent slave and servile; If in its chest doesn't grow the flame that forged virile heroism. But Quisqueya the brave and indomitable Always proudly her forehead will raise For if she were a thousand times a slave This many times it will be free. And if fraud and cunning exposed her To disdain of an intrusive man, Las Carreras! Beler!...were fields Which covered in glory were seen. At the top of our heroic bastion, Word of the free was materialized, Where the genius of Sanchez and Duarte Taught us to be free or to die. And if could inconsiderate leader Reduce the luster of these glories, Of the war seen in Capotillo The banner of fire waves on. And the fire that leaves shocked The arrogant lion from Castile, Removes it from glorious beaches to Where floats the banner that’s crossed. Compatriots, let’s show erect our Forehead, proud of today for; Quisqueya will be destroyed But it will never be again enslaved. That every chest is of love a sanctuary Where one feels the homeland lives; It is the law her invincible shield; It is her motto be free or die. Liberty that still serenely lifts up Victory in her triumphal carriage. The trumpet of war still resounds Proclaiming her immortal glory Liberty! Let the echoes agitate While full of noble anxiety Our battlefields of glory reverb these words - Liberty! Liberty! Liberty!"
51,Ecuador,"We greet you, Oh Fatherland, a thousand times! Oh Fatherland, Glory be to you! Glory be to you! Your breast, your breast, overflows, Your breast overflows with joy and peace; And your radiant face, your radiant face is brighter than the shining sun we see, And your radiant face, your radiant face is brighter than the shining sun we see. The first sons of the soil, noble Which the proud; the Pichincha adorns, They declared you as their sovereign lady forever And shed their blood for you. God observed and accepted the holocaust, And that blood was the prolific seed Of other heroes whom the world in astonishment Saw rise up around you by the thousands. Rise up by the thousands, Rise up by the thousands. We greet you, Oh Fatherland, a thousand times! Oh Fatherland, Glory be to you! Glory be to you! Your breast, your breast, overflows, Your breast overflows with joy and peace; And your radiant face, your radiant face is brighter than the shining sun we see, And your radiant face, your radiant face is brighter than the shining sun we see."
52,Egypt,"My homeland, my homeland, my homeland You have my love and my heart. My homeland, my homeland, my homeland You have my love and my heart. Egypt! O mother of all countries, You are my hope and my ambition, And above all people, Your Nile has countless graces! My homeland, my homeland, my homeland You have my love and my heart. My homeland, my homeland, my homeland You have my love and my heart. Egypt! Most precious gem, A blaze on the brow of eternity! O my homeland, be for ever free, Safe from every enemy! My homeland, my homeland, my homeland You have my love and my heart. My homeland, my homeland, my homeland You have my love and my heart"
53,El Salvador,"Let us salute the Fatherland, Proud to be called its children, And let us spiritedly swear our lives To consecrate its good without rest! Let us salute the Fatherland, Proud to be called its children, And let us spiritedly swear our lives To consecrate its good without rest! Consecrate. Consecrate. Consecrate! Of the peace in the supreme happiness Ever noble El Salvador dreamed To achieve this has been Her eternal proposition, To keep it, Her greatest glory. And with unwavering faith, the path of progress She strives to follow, to follow To fulfil Her greatest destiny And conquer a happy future. A stern barrier protects Her Against the clash of vile disloyalty, Ever since the day when Her soaring Flag, Wrote ""LIBERTY!"" with Its blood. Wrote: LIBERTY! Wrote: LIBERTY! Wrote: LIBERTY! Let us salute the Fatherland, Proud to be called its children, And let us spiritedly swear our lives To consecrate its good without rest! Let us salute the Fatherland, Proud to be called its children, And let us spiritedly swear our lives To consecrate its good without rest! Consecrate. Consecrate. Consecrate!"
54,Equatorial Guinea,"Let us walk the path Of our great happiness. In brotherhood, without separation, We sing Freedom! After two centuries of being subjected Under colonial rule, In fraternal union, without discrimination, We sing Freedom! Let us shout long live free Guinea, Defend our freedom. Sing always free Guinea, And always preserve the unity. Let us shout long live free Guinea, Defend our freedom. Sing always free Guinea, And always preserve the unity. And always we preserve National independence And we preserve, we preserve National independence."
55,Eritrea,"Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea, Her Nemesis destroyed while wailing, her sacrifices vindicated by freedom. Eritrea, Eritrea, Eritrea, Her Nemesis destroyed while wailing, her sacrifices vindicated by freedom. Forever firm in her principles, her name became a synonym of tenacity, Eritrea, the pride of the oppressed, is a testament that truth prevails. Eritrea, Eritrea, has taken her rightful place in the world. [So that] The supreme dedication that brought us freedom, will serve to rebuild her and develop her, We shall honor her with progress, It is our legacy to crown her. Eritrea, Eritrea, has taken her rightful place in the world. Eritrea, Eritrea, has taken her rightful place in the world."
56,Estonia,"My fatherland, my joy and happiness, How beautiful you are! I shall not find such ever In this huge wide world Which would be so dear to me As you, my fatherland! You have given me birth And raised me up; I shall thank you always And remain faithful to you 'til death, To me most beloved are you, My precious fatherland! May God watch over you, My precious fatherland! Let Him be your defender And provide bountiful blessings For whatever you undertake, My precious fatherland!"
57,Ethiopia,"Respect for citizenship is strong in our Ethiopia; National pride is seen, shining from one side to another. For peace, for justice, for the freedom of peoples, In equality and in love we stand united. Firm of foundation, we do not dismiss humanness; We are people who live through work. Wonderful is the stage of tradition, mistress of a proud heritage, Natural grace, mother of a valorous people. We shall protect you - we have a duty; Our Ethiopia, live! And let us be proud of you!"
58,Fiji,"Blessing grant oh God of nations on the isles of Fiji As we stand united under noble banner blue And we honour and defend the cause of freedom ever Onward march together God bless Fiji For Fiji, ever Fiji, let our voices ring with pride For Fiji, ever Fiji, her name hail far and wide, A land of freedom, hope and glory, to endure what ever befall May God bless Fiji Forever more!"
59,Finland,"Our land, our land, our Fatherland! Ring out, dear word, oh sound! No rising hill, or mountain grand, No sloping dale, no northern strand, There is, more loved, to be found, Than this — our fathers’ ground. No rising hill, or mountain grand, No sloping dale, no northern strand, There is, more loved, to be found, Than this — our fathers’ ground."
60,France,"Arise, children of the Fatherland, The day of glory has arrived! Against us tyranny's The bloody banner is raised, The bloody banner is raised. Do you hear, in the countryside, The roar of those ferocious soldiers? They're coming right into your arms To cut the throats of your sons, your women! To arms, citizens, Form your battalions, Let's march, let's march! Let an impure blood Soak our fields! To arms, citizens, Form your battalions, Let's march, let's march! Let an impure blood Soak our fields!"
61,Gabon,"United in the concord and the brotherhood, Awake, Gabon, dawn is at hand. Stir up the spirit that thrills and inspires us! At last we rise up to attain happiness. At last we rise up to attain happiness. Dazzling and proud, the sublime day dawns, Dispelling for ever injustice and shame. May it rise, rise again and calm our fears, May it promote virtue and banish warfare. United in the concord and the brotherhood, Awake, Gabon, dawn is at hand. Stir up the spirit that thrills and inspires us! At last we rise up to attain happiness. At last we rise up to attain happiness. Yes, may the happy days dreamed by our ancestors Come for us at last, rejoice our hearts, And banish the sorcerers, those perfidious deceivers Who were sowing poison and were spreading fear. United in the concord and the brotherhood, Awake, Gabon, dawn is at hand. Stir up the spirit that thrills and inspires us! At last we rise up to attain happiness. At last we rise up to attain happiness. So that, in the eyes of the world and of friendly nations, The immortal Gabon may maintain her good repute, Let us forget our quarrels, let us build together The new structure of which we are all dreaming of United in the concord and the brotherhood, Awake, Gabon, dawn is at hand. Stir up the spirit that thrills and inspires us! At last we rise up to attain happiness. At last we rise up to attain happiness. From the shores of the Ocean to the heart of the forest, Let us remain vigilant, without weakness and without hatred! Around this flag which leads us to honour, Let us salute the Fatherland and ever sing! United in the concord and the brotherhood, Awake, Gabon, dawn is at hand. Stir up the spirit that thrills and inspires us! At last we rise up to attain happiness. At last we rise up to attain happiness."
62,Gambia,"For The Gambia, our homeland We strive and work and pray, That all may live in unity, Freedom and peace each day. Let justice guide our actions Towards the common good, And join our diverse peoples To prove man's brotherhood. We pledge our firm allegiance, Our promise we renew; Keep us, great God of nations, To The Gambia ever true."
63,Georgia,"Our icon is the homeland Trust in God is our creed, Enlightened land of plains and mounts, Blessed by God and holy heaven. The freedom we have learnt to follow Makes our future spirits stronger, Morning star will rise above us And lightens up the land between the two seas. Glory to long-cherished freedom, Glory to liberty!"
64,Germany,"Unity and justice and freedom For the German fatherland! Towards these let us all strive Brotherly with heart and hand! Unity and justice and freedom Are the safeguards of fortune; Flourish in the radiance of this fortune, Flourish, German fatherland!"
65,Ghana,"God bless our homeland Ghana And make our nation great and strong, Bold to defend forever The cause of Freedom and of Right; Fill our hearts with true humility, Make us cherish fearless honesty, And help us to resist oppressors' rule With all our will and might for evermore. And help us to resist oppressors' rule With all our will and might for evermore."
66,Greece,"I recognize you by the fearsome sharpness, of your sword, I recognize you by your face that hastefully defines the land (i.e. the land's borders). From the sacred bones, of the Hellenes arisen, and valiant again as you once were, Hail, o hail, Liberty! And valiant again as you once were, Hail, o hail, Liberty! And valiant again as you once were, Hail, o hail, Liberty!"
67,Grenada,"Hail! Grenada, land of ours, We pledge ourselves to thee, Heads, hearts and hands in unity To reach our destiny. Ever conscious of God, Being proud of our heritage, May we with faith and courage Aspire, build, advance As one people, one family. God bless our nation."
68,Guatemala,"Glad (Joyous) Guatemala! may your altar Never be trampled by the tormentor Nor may slaves lick the yoke Nor may tyrants spit upon your face If tomorrow your sacred soil By foreign invasion is threatened Free into the wind, your beautiful flag To victory or death it shall call Free into the wind, your beautiful flag To victory or death it shall call Your people will, with fiery soul, die before being enslaved. From your old and hard chains You forged, with an ire-driven hand, The plow that fertilizes the soil And the honor-saving sword. Our fathers fought one day, Lit up in patriotic burning And they managed, without bloody clash, To place you on a throne of love. And they managed, without bloody clash, To place you on a throne of love, And our Nation, in energetic assent, Gave life to the redeeming ideal. Your emblem is a piece of the sky From which a cloud gets its whiteness And woe onto him who dares in blind madness your colours to stain! For your sons, brave and zealous, who adore peace as a great treasure will never avoid the rough battle to defend their land and their home. They will never avoid the rough battle to defend their land and their home as well as the altar of the mother country, their altar. Lying upon the proud Ande, of the two oceans, hearing its noise, under the gold and crimson red wing of the beautiful quetzal you will become entranced. Native bird that lives in your seal the protector of your soil May it fly high more than the condor and the royal eagle! May it fly high more than the condor and the royal eagle And in its wings, may it raise up to the sky Guatemala, your name, immortal!"
69,Guinea,"People of Africa! The historic past! Sing the hymn of a Guinea proud and young Illustrious epic of our brothers Who died on the field of honour while liberating Africa! The people of Guinea, preaching Unity, Call to Africa. Liberty! The voice of a people Who call all her brothers of a great Africa. Liberty! The voice of a people Who call all her brothers to find their way again. Let us build African Unity in a newly found independence!"
70,Guinea-Bissau,"Sun, sweat, verdure, and sea, Centuries of pain and hope; This is the land of our ancestors. Fruit of our hands, Of the flower of our blood: This is our beloved fatherland. Long live our glorious country! The banner of our struggle Has fluttered in the skies. Forward, against the foreign yoke! We are going to build Peace and progress In our immortal country! Peace and progress In our immortal country! Branches of the same trunk, Eyes in the same light; This is the force of our unity! Sing the sea and the land, The dawn and the sun That our struggle has borne fruit! Long live our glorious country! The banner of our struggle Has fluttered in the skies. Forward, against the foreign yoke! We are going to build Peace and progress In our immortal country! Peace and progress In our immortal country!"
71,Guyana,"Dear land of Guyana, of rivers and plains Made rich by the sunshine, and lush by the rains, Set gem-like and fair, between mountains and seas, Your children salute you, dear land of the free. Green land of Guyana, our heroes of yore, Both bondsmen and free, laid their bones on your shore. This soil so they hallowed, and from them are we, All sons of one Mother, Guyana the free. Great land of Guyana, diverse though our strains, We're born of their sacrifice, heirs of their pains, And ours is the glory their eyes did not see, One land of six peoples, united and free. Dear land of Guyana, to you will we give, Our homage, our service, each day that we live; God guard you, great Mother, and make us to be More worthy our heritage, land of the free."
72,Haiti,"For the country, For the ancestors, Let us march. Let us march united. Let there be no traitors in our ranks! Let us be masters of our soil. United let us march For the country, For the ancestors. For the country And for the forefathers, Let us train our sons Free, strong, and prosperous, We shall always be brothers. Let us train our sons For the country And for the forefathers. For the forefathers, For the country Let us toil joyfully. When the field is fertile Our soul strengthens. Let us toil joyfully For our forebears, For our country. For the forefathers, For the country, Oh God of the valiant! Take our rights and our life Under your infinite protection, Oh God of the valiant! For the forefathers, For the country. For the flag, For the country To die is a glorious deed! Our past cries out to us: Have a seasoned soul! To die is a glorious deed, For the flag, For the country."
73,Honduras,"Your flag is a splendour of sky Crossed with a band of snow; And there can be seen, in its sacred depths, Five pale blue stars. In your emblem, which a rough sea With its wild waves protects, Behind the bare summit of a volcano, A star brightly shines. To guard this sacred emblem We shall march, oh fatherland, to our death; Our death will be honoured If we die thinking of your love. Having defended your holy flag, And shrouded in its glorious folds, Many, Honduras, shall die for you, But shall fall in honour. Your flag is a splendour of sky Crossed with a band of snow; And there can be seen, in its sacred depths, Five pale blue stars. In your emblem, which a rough sea With its wild waves protects, Behind the bare summit of a volcano, A star brightly shines."
74,Hungary,"O, my God, the Magyar bless With Thy plenty and good cheer! With Thine aid his just cause press, Where his foes to fight appear. Fate, who for so long did’st frown, Bring him happy times and ways; Atoning sorrow hath weighed down Sins of past and future days."
75,Iceland,"Our country's God! Our country's God! We worship Thy name in its wonder sublime. The suns of the heavens are set in Thy crown By Thy legions, the ages of time! With Thee is each day as a thousand years, Each thousand of years, but a day, Eternity's flow'r, with its homage of tears, That reverently passes away. Iceland's thousand years, Iceland's thousand years! Eternity's flow'r, with its homage of tears, That reverently passes away."
76,India,"Thou art the ruler of the minds of all people, Dispenser of India's destiny. Thy name rouses the hearts of Punjab, Sindh, Gujarat and Maratha, Of the Dravida and Odisha and Bengal; It echoes in the hills of Vindhya and the Himalayas, Mingles in the music of Ganga and Yamuna and is chanted by The waves of the Indian sea. They pray for thy blessings and sing thy praise. The saving of all people waits in thy hand, Thou dispenser of India's destiny. Victory, victory, victory to thee."
77,Indonesia,"Indonesia, cherished land! 'Tis for thee we shed our blood, On guard for thee we stand, In thee we put our trust Indonesians, our people! Each other we do uphold, In declaration wholesale: To each other be true! Let her valiant people and her pure lands, Let her mighty peaks and prodigious sands, In body, in spirit, let them all arise, For Indonesia the Great! Indonesia the Great, be free! Be free! These isles of ours beloved dearly! Indonesia the Great, be free! Be free! For Indonesia the Great! Indonesia, land sublime, Fore'er bountiful and free, Where our roots we shall plant, For millenia to stand Indonesia, land of inher'tance, Entrusted to us all, For one thing we do ask, Strengthened be our esperance! Fertile are her fields, holy her soul From Sabang to Merauke, hear the call! With hearts awakened, with goodwill served, For Indonesia the Great! Indonesia the Great, independent and free My home and country which I love Indonesia the Great, independent and free Long live Indonesia the Great! Indonesia, land so pure, A land mighty with resolve, To thee we pledge allegiance, Our sole unending love Indonesia, resplendent land, Patriot love in us command, Foremost in our hearts and minds, Indonesia, fore'er to stand! May her people, her land, may her peaks and her sands, From sea to seas, in peace be, May they all then advance, may they all then commence, For Indonesia the Great! Indonesia the Great, be free! Be free! These isles of ours beloved dearly! Indonesia the Great, be free! Be free! For Indonesia the Great! Indonesia the Great, be free! Be free! These isles of ours beloved dearly! Indonesia the Great, be free! Be free! For Indonesia the Great!"
78,Iran,"Upwards on the horizon rises the Eastern Sun, The light in the eyes of the believers in justice, Bahman is the zenith of our faith. Your message, O Imam, of independence, freedom, is imprinted on our souls. O Martyrs! Your clamours echo in the ears of time. Enduring, continuing, and eternal. The Islamic Republic of Iran!"
79,Iraq,"My homeland, my homeland, Glory and beauty, sublimity and splendor Are in your hills, are in your hills. Life and deliverance, pleasure and hope Are in your air, are in your air. Will I see you, will I see you? Safely comforted and victoriously honoured. Safely comforted and victoriously honoured. Will I see you in your eminence? Reaching to the stars, reaching to the stars My homeland, my homeland. My homeland, my homeland, The youth will not tire Their goal is your independence Or they die, or they die. We will drink from death, and will not be to our enemies Like slaves, like slaves. We do not want, we do not want An eternal humiliation, nor a miserable life. An eternal humiliation, nor a miserable life. We do not want, but we will bring back Our storied glory, our storied glory. My homeland, my homeland. My homeland, my homeland, The sword and the pen, not the talk nor the quarrel Are our symbols, are our symbols. Our glory and our covenant, and a faithful duty Moves us, moves us. Our glory, our glory, Is an honourable cause, and a waving flag. Is an honourable cause, and a waving flag. O, behold you, in your eminence, Victorious over your enemies, victorious over your enemies. My homeland, my homeland!"
80,Ireland,"Soldiers are we, whose lives are pledged to Ireland, Some have come from a land beyond the wave, Sworn to be free, no more our ancient sireland, Shall shelter the despot or the slave. Tonight we man the ""bearna bhaoil"", In Erin's cause, come woe or weal, 'Mid cannons' roar and rifles' peal, We'll chant a soldier's song."
81,Israel,"O while within a Jewish heart, Yearns true a Jewish soul, And Jewish glances turning East, To Zion fondly dart; O then our Hope—it is not dead, Our ancient Hope and true, To be a nation free forevermore Zion and Jerusalem at our core. To be a nation free forevermore Zion and Jerusalem at our core."
82,Italy,"Brothers of Italy, Italy has woken, bound Scipio's helmet Upon her head. Where is Victory? Let her bow down, Because [as a] slave of Rome God created her. Let us join in a cohort, we are ready to die. We are ready to die, Italy has called. Let us join in a cohort, We are ready to die. We are ready to die, Italy has called! Yes! We were for centuries downtrodden, derided, because we are not one people, because we are divided. Let one flag, one hope gather us all. The hour has struck for us to unite. Let us unite, let us love one another, Union and love Reveal to the peoples The ways of the Lord. Let us swear to set free The land of our birth: United, by God, Who can overcome us? Let us join in a cohort, we are ready to die. We are ready to die, Italy has called. Let us join in a cohort, We are ready to die. We are ready to die, Italy has called! Yes! From the Alps to Sicily, Legnano is everywhere; Every man has the heart and hand of Ferruccio The children of Italy Are all called Balilla; Every trumpet blast sounds the Vespers. The mercenary swords Are feeble reeds. Already the Eagle of Austria Has lost its plumes. The blood of Italy, the Polish blood It drank, along with the Cossack, But it burned its heart. Let us join in a cohort, we are ready to die. We are ready to die, Italy has called. Let us join in a cohort, We are ready to die. We are ready to die, Italy has called! Yes!"
83,Jamaica,"Eternal Father bless our land Guard us with Thy mighty hand Keep us free from evil powers Be our light through countless hours To our leaders, Great Defender, Grant true wisdom from above Justice, truth be ours forever Jamaica, land we love Jamaica, Jamaica, Jamaica, land we love. Teach us true respect for all Stir response to duty's call Strengthen us the weak to cherish Give us vision lest we perish Knowledge send us, Heavenly Father, Grant true wisdom from above Justice, truth be ours forever Jamaica, land we love Jamaica, Jamaica, Jamaica, land we love."
84,Japan,"May your reign Continue for a thousand, eight thousand generations, Until the tiny pebbles Grow into massive boulders Lush with moss"
85,Jordan,"Long live the King! Long live the King! His position sublime, His banners waving in glory supreme. We achieved our goal, On the day you revived for us, A revolution gives us our motivation! Flying over the shoulders of the highest comets. O king of Arabs, From the best prophet you have. The honour of dynasty, Talked about in the depths of books! All the youthful men, Are your armed armies His determination never dies out! Getting from your meaning a symbol of well-being! O king of Arabs, From the best prophet you have. The honour of dynasty, Talked about in the depths of books! May you stay the light and the guide, A master in being away of all sins and wrong-doing, Living your life happily and well-respected! Under your flying flag rests the glory of all Arabs. O king of Arabs, From the best prophet you have. The honour of dynasty, Talked about in the depths of books!"
86,Kazakhstan,"Sky of golden sun, Steppe of golden seed, Legend of courage – Take a look at my country! From the antiquity Our heroic glory emerged, They did not give up their pride My Kazakh people are strong! My country, my country, As your flower I will be planted, As your song I will stream, my country! My native land – My Kazakhstan! The way was opened to the descendants By the vast land I have. Its unity is proper, I have an independent country. It welcomed the tests of time Like an eternal friend, Our country is blessed, Our country is such! My country, my country, As your flower I will be planted, As your song I will stream, my country! My native land – My Kazakhstan!"
87,Kenya,O God of all creation Bless this our land and nation Justice be our shield and defender May we dwell in unity Peace and liberty Plenty be found within our borders. Let one and all arise With hearts both strong and true Service be our earnest endeavour And our homeland of Kenya Heritage and splendour Firm may we stand to defend. Let all with one accord In common bond united Build this our nation together And the glory of Kenya The fruit of our labour Fill every heart with thanksgiving.
88,Kiribati,"Stand up, People of Kiribati! Sing with jubilation! Prepare to accept responsibility And to help each other! Be steadfastly righteous! Love all our people! Be steadfastly righteous! Love all our people! The attainment of contentment And peace by our people Will be achieved when all our hearts beat as one, Love two another! Promote happiness and unity! Love one another! Promote happiness and unity! We beseech You, O God, To protect and lead us In the days to come. Help us with Your loving hand. Bless our Government and all our people! Bless our Government and all our people!"
89,Kosovo,"O beloved motherland, land of bravery Nest of love On you eagles fly and stars shine Land of our ancestors Be thou blessed for life and years O our mother We will protect you O beloved motherland, land of bravery"
90,Kuwait,"Kuwait, my country, may you be safe and glorious! May you always enjoy good fortune! Kuwait, my country, may you be safe and glorious! May you always enjoy good fortune! You are the cradle of my ancestors, Who put down its memory. With everlasting symmetry, showing all eternity, Those Arabs were heavenly, Kuwait, my country, May you be safe and glorious! May you always enjoy good fortune. Kuwait, my country, may you be safe and glorious! May you always enjoy good fortune! You are the cradle of my ancestors, Who put down its memory. Blessed be my Country a homeland for harmony, Warded by true sentry giving their soils aptly, Building high its history, Kuwait, My country, we're for you my Country, Led by faith and loyalty, Kuwait, my country, may you be safe and glorious! May you always enjoy good fortune! You are the cradle of my ancestors, Who put down its memory. With its Amir equally, Fencing us all fairly, with warm love and verity, Kuwait, my country, May you be safe and glorious. May you always enjoy good fortune! Kuwait, my country, may you be safe and glorious! May you always enjoy good fortune! You are the cradle of my ancestors, Who put down its memory."
91,Kyrgyzstan,"White-capped rocky cliffs and steppes Are equal to the soul of our people. For countless centuries, our fathers Have lived in and kept the Ala-Too. March forward, Kyrgyz people, On the way to freedom! Prosperity and progress, Your own fate is in your hands! Long ago, our friendly people Completed and gave us the clasp to nature. We acquired an accord of harmony And peace over the Kyrgyz land. March forward, Kyrgyz people, On the way to freedom! Prosperity and progress, Your own fate is in your hands! Our hopes and aspirations have been fulfilled, Our people wave the flag of freedom. The tradition of our fathers came to us, Let generations keep our holy heritage. March forward, Kyrgyz people, On the way to freedom! Prosperity and progress, Your own fate is in your hands!"
92,Laos,"For all time, the Lao people Have glorified their Fatherland, United in heart, Spirit and vigor as one. Resolutely moving forwards, Respecting and increasing the dignity of the Lao people And proclaiming the right to be their own masters. The Lao people of all origins are equal And will no longer allow imperialists And traitors to harm them. The entire people will safeguard the independence And the freedom of the Lao nation. They are resolved to struggle for victory In order to lead the nation to prosperity."
93,Latvia,"God, bless Latvia! Our beloved fatherland, Bless Latvia, Oh bless it, yet again! Where Latvian daughters bloom, Where Latvian sons sing, Let us dance for joy there, In our Latvia!"
94,Lebanon,"All of us! For our Country, for our Glory and Flag! Our valor and our writings are the envy of the ages. Our mountain and our valley, they bring forth stalwart men. And to Perfection we devote our words and labor. All of us! For our Country, for our Glory and Flag! All of us! For our Country! Our Elders and our children, they await our Country's call, And on the Day of Crisis they are as Lions of the Jungle. The heart of our East is ever Lebanon, God has preserved him until the end of time. All of us! For our Country, for our Glory and Flag! All of us! For our Country! The Gems of the East are his land and sea. Throughout the world his good deeds flow from pole to pole. And his name is his glory since time began. The cedars are his pride, his immortality's symbol. All of us! For our Country, for our Glory and Flag! All of us! For our Country!"
95,Lesotho,"Lesotho, land of our Fathers, Among the lands it is the most beautiful. It is where we were born, It is where we grew up-- We love it. God, please protect Lesotho. Spare it conflict, and tribulation-- Oh, this land, Land of our Fathers, May it have the peace."
96,Liberia,"All hail, Liberia, hail! (All hail!) All hail, Liberia, hail! (All hail!) This glorious land of liberty Shall long be ours. Though new her name, Great be her fame, And mighty be her powers, Though new her name, Great be her fame, And mighty be her powers, And mighty be her powers, And mighty be her powers, In joy and gladness With our hearts united, We'll shout the freedom Of a race benighted, Long live Liberia, happy land! A home of glorious liberty, By God's command! A home of glorious liberty, By God's command!"
97,Libya,"O my country, O my country, With my struggle and gladiatorial patience, Drive off all enemies' plots and mishaps Be saved, be saved, be saved, be saved all the way We are your sacrifices Libya, Libya, Libya! O my country, You're the heritage of my ancestors May Allah not bless any hand that tries to harm you Be saved, we are for ever your soldiers No matter the death toll if you've been saved Take from us the most credential oaths, we won't let you down, Libya We will never be enchained again We are free and have freed our homeland Libya, Libya, Libya! O my country, O my country, With my struggle and gladiatorial patience, Drive off all enemies' plots and mishaps Be saved, be saved, be saved, be saved all the way We are your sacrifices Libya, Libya, Libya! Our grandfathers stripped a fine determination when the call for struggle was made They marched carrying Qur'an in one hand, and their weapons by the other hand The universe is then full of faith and purity The world is then a place of goodness and godliness Eternity is for our grandfathers They have honoured this homeland Libya, Libya, Libya! O my country, O my country, With my struggle and gladiatorial patience, Drive off all enemies' plots and mishaps Be saved, be saved, be saved, be saved all the way We are your sacrifices Libya, Libya, Libya! Extend on Al Mukhtar the prince of the conqueror He is the symbol of struggle and Jihad He raises our flag high And we follow him, freeing our homeland, He allows praise of his ancestors And raises hope for Libya in heaven, A free flag Over a rich country, Libya, Libya, Libya. (Chorus) O son of Libya, O son of lions of the wild We're for honour and the honours are for us Since the time of us being honoured, people thanked our generosity and honourableness May Allah bless our Independence O Libyans, seek the dizzy heights as a position in mankind Our cubs, be prepared for the foreseen battles Our youths, to prevail Life is only a struggle for homeland Libya, Libya, Libya!"
98,Liechtenstein,"High on the German Rhine Lies Liechtenstein, resting On Alpine heights. This beloved homeland Within the German fatherland Was chosen for us By God's wise hand. Long live Liechtenstein, Blossoming on the young Rhine, Fortunate and faithful! Long live the Prince of the Land, Long live our fatherland, Through bonds of brotherly love United and free!"
99,Lithuania,"Lithuania, our dear homeland, Land of worthy heroes! May your sons draw strength From your past experiences. May your children always Choose the paths of virtue, May they work towards your good, And that of all people. May the sun of Lithuania Disperse darkness, And light, and truth, May guide our steps. May love of Lithuania Burn in our hearts, In the name of Lithuania, Unity may blossom!"
100,Luxembourg,"Where the Alzette slowly flows, The Sauer plays wild pranks, Where fragrant vineyards amply grow On the Mosella's banks; There lies the land for which we would Dare everything down here, Our own, our native land which ranks Deeply in our hearts. O Thou above whose powerful hand Makes States or lays them low, Protect this Luxembourger land From foreign yoke and woe. Your spirit of liberty bestow On us now as of yore. Let Freedom's sun in glory glow For now and evermore. Let Freedom's sun in glory glow For now and evermore."
101,Madagascar,"Oh, beloved land of our ancestors! Oh beautiful Madagascar. Our love for you will never end, And will remain forever loyal to you. Bless, oh Creator, This island of our ancestors May it have joy and happiness. And may we be truly happy. Oh beloved land of our ancestors! We wish to serve you With our body, heart and soul. which are precious and dignified. Bless, oh Creator, This island of our ancestors May it have joy and happiness. And may we be truly happy. Oh beloved land of our ancestors! We pray that you be blessed, By the Creator of this world who is the foundation of your existence. Bless, oh Creator, This island of our ancestors May it have joy and happiness. And may we be truly happy."
102,Malawi,"O God bless our land of Malawi, Keep it a land of peace. Put down each and every enemy, Hunger, disease, envy. Join together all our hearts as one, That we be free from fear. Bless our leader, each and every one, And Mother Malawi. Our own Malawi, this land so fair, Fertile and brave and free. With its lakes, refreshing mountain air, How greatly blest are we. Hills and valleys, soil so rich and rare Give us a bounty free. Wood and forest, plains so broad and fair, All - beauteous Malawi. Freedom ever, let us all unite To build up Malawi. With our love, our zeal and loyalty, Bringing our best to her. In time of war, or in time of peace, One purpose and one goal. Men and women serving selflessly In building Malawi."
103,Malaysia,"My motherland, For whom I spill my blood, The people live, United and progressive! With divine blessings of peace and joy, Long may our King, reign sublime! With divine blessings of peace and joy, Long may our King, reign sublime!"
104,Maldives,"We salute you, o Homeland, in unity With an abundance with well-wishes in our very own tongue Bowing our heads to your crescent moon and star We salute the mighty red, white and green; We salute you, o Homeland, in unity With an abundance with well-wishes in our very own tongue Victory and good fortune be its alone With our bright colours streaming in the air, we hail our buoyant flag. We salute you, o Homeland, in unity With an abundance with well-wishes in our very own tongue"
105,Mali,"At your call, Mali For your prosperity Loyal towards your destiny We will be all united, One people, one goal, one faith, For a united Africa If the enemy should show himself Inside or outside, Standing on the ramparts, We are ready to die. For Africa and for you, Mali, Our banner shall be liberty. For Africa and for you, Mali, Our fight shall be for unity. Oh, Mali of today, Oh, Mali of tomorrow, The fields are flowering with hope Hearts are thrilling with confidence. Standing town and country Standing women, young and old For the country moving Towards a bright future For our dignity Let us strengthen our ranks well For the public salvation Let us forge the common good Together shoulder to shoulder Let us make the path of happiness For Africa and for you, Mali, Our banner shall be liberty. For Africa and for you, Mali, Our fight shall be for unity. Oh, Mali of today, Oh, Mali of tomorrow, The fields are flowering with hope Hearts are thrilling with confidence. The path is hard very hard Which leads to common happiness Courage and dedication Vigilance at all times Truth of ancient times Truth everyday Happiness through labour Will make the Mali of tomorrow For Africa and for you, Mali, Our banner shall be liberty. For Africa and for you, Mali, Our fight shall be for unity. Oh, Mali of today, Oh, Mali of tomorrow, The fields are flowering with hope Hearts are thrilling with confidence. Africa finally rises Let us welcome this new day Let us welcome liberty Let us march towards unity New found dignity Support our fight True to our oath Of making Africa united My brothers standing together All at the appointment of honour For Africa and for you, Mali, Our banner shall be liberty. For Africa and for you, Mali, Our fight shall be for unity. Oh, Mali of today, Oh, Mali of tomorrow, The fields are flowering with hope Hearts are thrilling with confidence."
106,Malta,"Guard, Lord, forever, as you've done erst and ceasing never, This land whose name we received, our motherly-named Mother. Her you have draped with a light whose grace exceeds all other. On those who govern, sovereign God, bestow understanding, Grant wellness to those who work, largesse to those employing, Make firm, make just all our bonds, the peace we are enjoying."
107,Marshall Islands,"My islands lie o'er the ocean; Like a wreath of flowers upon the sea; With the light of Mekar from far above; Shining with the brilliant rays of life; Our Father's wondrous creation; Bequeathed to us, our Motherland; I'll never leave my dear home sweet home; God of our forefathers protect and bless forever Marshall Islands."
108,Mauritania,"Land of the proud, the guided and the noble The fortress of the Book that can't be bound O Mauritania, the spring of harmony The corner of tolerance, the haven of peace We will protect you with our lives and paint your hills with the color of hope When you call, ""yes!"" is our answer The crescent moons in your sky won't wane and the sun on your forehead won't set The noble Arabs enriched you and the purest source is Africa's We will protect you with our lives and paint your hills with the color of hope When you call, ""yes!"" is our answer We drank the milk of dew and pride A nature that brought a good harvest and a fertile pasture, even when it's barren welcoming us as we ascend We will protect you with our lives and paint your hills with the color of hope When you call, ""yes!"" is our answer We made your enemy drink a bitter downpour so he couldn't settle or rest We resist him wherever he goes Praying ""Surely with hardship comes ease"" We will protect you with our lives and paint your hills with the color of hope When you call, ""yes!"" is our answer We took you as a vow and carried you as a promise we happily give you up to the future generation We will protect you with our lives and paint your hills with the color of hope We will protect you with our lives and paint your hills with the color of hope"
109,Mauritius,"Glory to thee, Motherland O Motherland of mine. Sweet is thy beauty, Sweet is thy fragrance, Around thee we gather As one people, As one nation, In peace, justice and liberty. Beloved Country, May God bless thee"
110,Mexico,"Mexicans, at the cry of war, ready the steel and the bridle, and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon. and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon! Gird Oh Fatherland!, your temples of olive by the peace of the divine archangel, for in heaven is your eternal destiny which was written by the finger of God. If, however, a foreign enemy would dare to profane Your ground with its sole, think, Oh beloved Fatherland!, that Heaven has given a soldier in every son. Mexicans, at the cry of war, ready the steel and the bridle, and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon. and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon! War, war! without quarter to any who dare to tarnish the coats of arms of the country! War, war! Let the national banners be soaked in waves of blood. War, war! In the mountain, in the valley, let the cannons thunder in horrid unison and may the sonorous echoes resound with cries of Union! Liberty! Mexicans, at the cry of war, ready the steel and the bridle, and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon. and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon! O, Fatherland, ere your children, defenseless bend their neck beneath the yoke, may your fields be watered with blood, may their foot be printed in blood. And may your temples, palaces and towers collapse with horrid clamor, and may their ruins continue on, saying: Of one thousand heroes, here the Fatherland once was. Mexicans, at the cry of war, ready the steel and the bridle, and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon. and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon! Fatherland! Fatherland! Your children swear to you to breathe their last for your sake, if the bugle with its bellicose accent calls them together to battle with courage. For you, the olive wreaths! For them, a reminder of glory! For you, a laurel of victory! For them, a tomb of honor! Mexicans, at the cry of war, ready the steel and the bridle, and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon. and the Earth trembles at its core to the resounding roar of the cannon!"
111,Micronesia,"This here we are pledging, With heart and with hand, Full measure of devotion To thee, our native land, Full measure of devotion To thee, our native land. Now all join the chorus, Let union abide. Across all Micronesia Join hands on every side, Across all Micronesia Join hands on every side. We all work together, With hearts, voice and hand, Till we have made these islands Another promised land, Till we have made these islands Another promised land."
112,Moldova,"A treasure is our language that surges From deep shadows of the past, Chain of precious stones that scattered All over our ancient land. A burning flame is our language Amidst a people waking From a deathly sleep, no warning, Like the brave man of the stories. Our language is the greenest leaf Of the everlasting codris, Gentle river Dniester's ripples Hiding starlight bright and shining. Our language is more than holy, Words of homilies of old Wept and sung perpetually In the homesteads of our folks. A treasure will spring up swiftly From deep shadows of the past, Chain of precious stones that scattered All over our ancient land."
113,Monaco,"Forever, in our land, One flag has flown in the wind Forever, the colours red and white Have symbolised our liberty Adults and children have always respected them."
114,Mongolia,"Our sacred independent country Is the ancestral hearth of all Mongols, May all of the world's good deeds Will prosper and continue for eternity. Our country will strengthen relations With all righteous countries of the world. And let us develop our beloved Mongolia With all our will and might. Our great nation's symbol blesses us And the people's fate supports us Let us pass on our ancestry, culture and language From generation to generation. The brilliant people of the brave Mongolia Have gained freedom and happiness, The key to delight, and the path to progress. Majestic Mongolia — our country, live forever."
115,Montenegro,"Oh, bright dawn of May Oh, bright dawn of May Our mother Montenegro Our mother Montenegro We are sons of your rocks We are sons of your rocks and keepers of your honesty and keepers of your honesty We love you, the rocky hills And your awesome gorges That never came to know The chains of shameful slavery. Our mother Montenegro Our mother Montenegro Oh, bright dawn of May Oh, bright dawn of May Our mother Montenegro Our mother Montenegro While our unity gives wings to our Lovćen cause Proud shall be, celebrated will be Our dear homeland. A river of our waves, Jumping into two seas, Will bear voice to the ocean, May eternal be our Montenegro! Will bear voice to the ocean, May eternal be our Montenegro! May eternal be our Montenegro!"
116,Morocco,"Fountain of Freedom Source of Light Where sovereignty and safety meet, Safety and sovereignty may you ever combine! You have lived among nations With title sublime, Filling each heart, Sung by each tongue, Your champion has risen And answered your call. For your soul and your body, The victory they have conquered. In my mouth and in my blood Your breezes have stirred both light and fire. Up! my brethren, Strive for the highest. We call to the world That we are here ready. We salute as our emblem God, Homeland, and King."
117,Mozambique,"In the memory of Africa and the World Beautiful fatherland of those that dared to fight Mozambique, your name is freedom The Sun of June forever will shine Mozambique, our Glorious Land Rock by rock constructing the new day Millions of arms in one only force O Loved fatherland we will be successful Mozambique, our Glorious Land Rock by rock constructing the new day Millions of arms in one only force O Loved fatherland we will be successful United people from Rovuma to Maputo It harvests the fruits of the combat for the Peace The dream grows waving in the flag And goes cultivating in the certainty of tomorrow Mozambique, our Glorious Land Rock by rock constructing the new day Millions of arms in one only force O Loved fatherland we will be successful Mozambique, our Glorious Land Rock by rock constructing the new day Millions of arms in one only force O Loved fatherland we will be successful Flowers sprouting of the soil of your sweat For mounts, the rivers, the sea We swear for you, O Mozambique No tyrant will enslave us Mozambique, our Glorious Land Rock by rock constructing the new day Millions of arms in one only force O Loved fatherland we will be successful Mozambique, our Glorious Land Rock by rock constructing the new day Millions of arms in one only force O Loved fatherland we will be successful"
118,Myanmar ,"Accompanied with justice and freedom; our nation, our motherland. To bring peace to all people; the nation having equal right and pure policy, our nation, our motherland. Let us preserve with vow for perpetuity of our heritage of the Union. As long as the world exists, we love Myanmar, the true heritage of our ancestors. As long as the world exists, we love Myanmar, the true heritage of our ancestors. We shall safeguard the Union by sacrificing our lives. This is our nation, our motherland and our own land. Let us serve unitedly for the interest of our nation, our motherland. That is our duty for the precious land."
119,Namibia,"Namibia, land of the brave Freedom fight we have won Glory to their bravery Whose blood waters our freedom We give our love and loyalty Together in unity Contrasting beautiful Namibia Namibia our country Beloved land of savannahs, Hold high the banner of liberty Namibia our Country, Namibia Motherland, We love thee."
120,Nauru,"Nauru our homeland, the land we dearly love. We all pray for you and we also praise your name. Since long ago you have been the home of our great forefathers And will be for generations yet to come. We all join in together to honour your flag, And we shall rejoice together and say: Nauru for evermore!"
121,Nepal,"Woven from hundred flowers, we are garland Nepali Sovereignly extended from Mechi to Mahakali. Woven from hundred flowers, we are garland Nepali Sovereignly extended from Mechi to Mahakali. Millions of natural beauties, history like a shawl Bloods of the braves make it free and immotile. Land of peace, knowledge in the plains, hills and mountains One-piece beloved country, motherland Nepal. Races, languages, religions, cultures in-credible Progressive nation, I salute Nepal-aa!"
122,Netherlands,"William of Nassau, scion Of a Dutch and ancient line, I dedicate undying Faith to this land of mine. A prince I am, undaunted, Of Orange, ever free, To the king of Spain I've granted A lifelong loyalty. A shield and my reliance, O God, Thou ever wert. I'll trust unto Thy guidance. O leave me not ungirt. That I may stay a pious Servant of Thine for aye And drive the plagues that try us And tyranny away."
123,New Zealand,"God of Nations at Thy feet, In the bonds of love we meet, Hear our voices, we entreat, God defend our free land. Guard Pacific's triple star From the shafts of strife and war, Make her praises heard afar, God defend New Zealand."
124,Nicaragua,"Hail to thee, Nicaragua! On thy land roars the voice of the cannon no more, nor does the blood of brothers now stain thy glorious bicolor banner. Let peace shine beautifully in thy sky, and nothing dims your immortal glory, for work is thy well-earned laurel and honor is thy triumphal emblem!"
125,Niger,"Throughout great powerful Niger Which makes nature more beautiful, Let us be proud and grateful For our newfound freedom! Let us avoid vain quarrels In order to spare ourselves bloodshed, And may the glorious voices Of our race be free of domination! Let us rise in a single leap As high as the dazzling sky, Where stands guard its eternal soul Which will make the country greater! Arise! Niger! Arise! May our fruitful labors Rejuvenate the heart of this old continent! And may the song be heard In the four corners of the Earth As the cry of a fair and valiant people! Arise! Niger! Arise! On the ground and on the wave, To the sound of the drums In their growing rhythms Let us always remain united, And may each one respond To this noble future Which tells us: - Go forward!"
126,Nigeria,"Arise, O compatriots Nigeria's call obey to serve our fatherland with love and strength and faith. The labour of our heroes past shall never be in vain, to serve with heart and might one nation bound in freedom Peace and unity."
127,North Korea,"Shine bright, you dawn, on this land so fair So rich in silver and in gold you are The country of three thousand Ri Five thousand years your history. Rich in cultural heritage Our people ever were renowned and sage And as with heart and soul we strive Korea shall forever thrive! And in the spirit of Mount Paektu, With love of toil that shall never die, With will of iron fostered by the truth, We'll lead the whole world by and by. We have the might to foil the angry sea, Our land more prosperous still shall be, As by the people's will we strive, Korea shall forever thrive!"
128,North Macedonia ,"Today over Macedonia, is being born the new sun of liberty. The Macedonians fight for their own rights! The Macedonians fight for their own rights! Now once again the flag flutters, (that) of the Kruševo Republic Gotse Delchev, Pitu Guli Dame Gruev, Sandanski! Gotse Delchev, Pitu Guli Dame Gruev, Sandanski! The Macedonian woods resoundly sing new songs and news! Macedonia liberated lives in liberty! Macedonia liberated lives in liberty!"
129,Norway,"Yes, we love this country as it rises forth, rugged, weathered, over the water, with the thousands of homes, — love, love it and think of our father and mother and the saga-night that lays dreams upon our earth. And the saga-night that lays dreams upon our earth. Norwegian man in house and cabin, thank your great God! The country he wanted to protect, although things looked dark. All the fights fathers have fought, and the mothers have wept, the Lord has quietly moved so we won our rights. Yes, we love this country as it rises forth, rugged, weathered, above the sea, with those thousand homes. And as the fathers' struggle has raised it from need to victory, even we, when it is demanded, for its peace will encamp (for defence)."
130,Oman,"O Lord, protect for us His Majesty the Sultan And the people in the nation Pride and safety Let him support Glorious monarch With souls redeemed O Oman, since the time of the Prophet We are a dedicated people amongst the noblest Arabs So raise the sky And fill the universe with light And be happy and be relaxed."
131,Pakistan,"May the holy land, stay glad; Beauteous realm, stay glad. Thou, the sign of high resolve— O Land of Pakistan! Citadel of faith, stay glad. Order of the holy land, Power of fraternity of the populace; The nation, country, and domain; Ever luminous remain! The cherished goal, stay glad. Flag with the star and crescent, The leader of progress and ascent, Dragoman of past, the pride of present; Soul of the future! Shadow of the God of grandeur"
132,Palau,"Palau is coming forth with strength and power, By the old ways abides still every hour. One country, safe, secure, one government Under the glowing, floating soft light stands. Let's build our economy's protecting fence With courage, faithfulness and diligence Our life is anchored in Palau, our land We with our might through life and death defend In spirit let's join hands, united, one Care for our homeland...from forefathers on Look after its concord, its glory keep Through peace and love and heart's devotion deep God bless our country, our island home always Our sweet inheritances from the ancient days Give us strength and power and all of the rights To govern with all eternity with might"
133,Palestine,"Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my land, the land of the ancestors Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my people, people of eternity Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my land, the land of the ancestors Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my people, people of eternity With my determination, my fire and the volcano of my vendetta With the longing in my blood for my land and my home I have climbed the mountains and fought the wars I have conquered the impossible, and crossed the frontiers Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my land, the land of the ancestors Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my people, people of eternity With the resolve of the winds and the fire of the weapons And the determination of my nation in the land of struggle Palestine is my home, and the path of my triumphal (Palestine is my home, Palestine is my fire,) Palestine is my vendetta and the land of withstanding Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my land, the land of the ancestors Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my people, people of eternity By the oath under the shade of the flag By my land and nation, and the fire of pain I will live as a warrior, I will remain a warrior, I will die as a warrior - until my country returns Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my land, the land of the ancestors Warrior, warrior, warrior, Oh my people, people of eternity."
134,Panama,"At last we reached victory In the joyous field of the union; With ardent fires of glory A new nation shines bright. With ardent fires of glory A new nation shines bright. It is necessary to cover with a veil The past times of Calvary and cross; Let now the blue skies be adorned with The splendid light of the concord. Progress caresses your path. To the rhythm of a sublime song, You see both your seas roar at your feet Giving you a path to your noble mission. At last we reached victory In the joyous field of the union; With ardent fires of glory A new nation shines bright. With ardent fires of glory A new nation shines bright."
135,Papua New Guinea,"O arise all you sons of this land, Let us sing of our joy to be free, Praising God and rejoicing to be Papua New Guinea. Shout our name from the mountains to seas Papua New Guinea; Let us raise our voices and proclaim Papua New Guinea. Now give thanks to the good Lord above For His kindness, His wisdom and love For this land of our fathers so free, Papua New Guinea. Shout again for the whole world to hear Papua New Guinea; We're independent and we're free, Papua New Guinea."
136,Paraguay,"The peoples of the Americas, unfortunately, Were oppressed for three centuries by a scepter But one magnificent day surging forth, ""Enough!"", it said, and the scepter was broken. Our fathers, grandiose in battle, Showed their martial glory; And after smashing the august diadem, The triumphal cap was raised. And after smashing the august diadem, The triumphal cap was raised. Paraguayans: Republic or Death! Our spirit gave us liberty Neither oppressors nor slaves exist Where union and equality reign. Neither oppressors nor slaves exist Where union and equality reign. Where union and equality reign."
137,Peru,"We are free! May we always be so, may we always be so! And may the Sun renounce its light, its light, its light, Before we break the solemn vow which the homeland lifted up to the Eternal, Before we break the solemn vow which the homeland lifted up to the Eternal. Before we break the solemn vow which the homeland lifted up to the Eternal. On its summits may the Andes sustain the two-color flag or standard, may it announce to the centuries the effort that being free, that being free that being free gave us forever. Under its shadow may we live calmly and, at birth of the sun in its summits, may we all renew the great oath that we rendered, that we rendered that we rendered to the God of Jacob, that we rendered to the God of Jacob, the God of Jacob... We are free! May we always be so, may we always be so! And may the Sun renounce its light, its light, its light, Before we break the solemn vow which the homeland lifted up to the Eternal, Before we break the solemn vow which the homeland lifted up to the Eternal. Before we break the solemn vow which the homeland lifted up to the Eternal."
138,Philippines,"Land of the morning Child of the sun returning With fervor burning Thee do our souls adore. Land dear and holy Cradle of noble heroes Ne’er shall invaders Trample thy sacred shores. Ever within thy skies and through thy clouds And o’er thy hills and seas Do we behold the radiance feel the throb Of glorious liberty. Thy banner dear to all our hearts Its sun and stars alight Oh, never shall its shining fields Be dimmed by tyrants might! Beautiful land of love, o land of light In thine embrace 'tis rapture to lie But it is glory ever, when thou art wronged For us thy sons to suffer and die."
139,Poland,"Poland has not yet perished, So long as we still live. What the alien force has taken from us, We shall retrieve with a sabre. March, march, Dąbrowski, From the Italian land to Poland. Under your command We shall rejoin the nation. March, march, Dąbrowski, From the Italian land to Poland. Under your command We shall rejoin the nation. We'll cross the Vistula, we'll cross the Warta, We shall be Polish. Bonaparte has given us the example Of how we should prevail. March, march, Dąbrowski, From the Italian land to Poland. Under your command We shall rejoin the nation. March, march, Dąbrowski, From the Italian land to Poland. Under your command We shall rejoin the nation."
140,Portugal,"Heroes of the sea, noble people, Valiant and immortal nation, Raise once again today, The splendor of Portugal! Among the haze of memory, Oh Fatherland, one feels the voice Of your distinguished forefathers, That shall lead you to victory! To arms, to arms! Over land, over sea, To arms, to arms! For the Fatherland, fight! Against the cannons, march on, march on!"
141,Qatar,"I Swear, I Swear Swearing by the one who raised the sky Swearing by the one who spread the light Qatar will always be free By the spirit of the loyal Travel the high road Travel by the guiding light of the Prophets In my heart, Qatar is a way that respects the achievements of our forefathers Qatar is the land of the foremost men Who protect us in time of distress, Doves they can be at times of peace, Birds of prey they are at times of sacrifice I Swear, I Swear Swearing by the one who raised the sky Swearing by the one who spread the light Qatar will always be free By the spirit of the loyal"
142,Romania,"Wake up, Romanian, from the sleep of death Into which you have been sunk by the barbaric tyrants Sunk by the barbaric tyrants Now, or never, make a new fate for yourself, To which even your cruel enemies will bow. Cruel enemies will bow. Now or never let us give proof to the world That in these veins a Roman blood still flows, That in our chests we hold a name with pride, Victorious in battles, the name of Trajan! Behold, great shadows, Michael, Stephen, Corvinus, The Romanian Nation, your great-grandchildren, With weapons in their arms, with your fire in their veins, ""Life in freedom or death!"" shout all. Priests, lead with your crucifixes, for our army is Christian, The motto is Liberty and its goal is holy, Better to die in battle, in full glory, Than to once again be slaves upon our ancient ground!"
143,Russia,"Russia – our holy nation Russia – our beloved country. A mighty will, great glory – These are yours for all time! Be glorious, our free Fatherland, Age-old union of fraternal peoples, Popular wisdom given by our forebears! Be glorious, our country! We are proud of you! From the southern seas to the polar lands Spread our forests and fields. You are unique in the world, one of a kind – Native land protected by God! Be glorious, our free Fatherland, Age-old union of fraternal peoples, Popular wisdom given by our forebears! Be glorious, our country! We are proud of you! Wide spaces for dreams and for living Are opened for us by the coming years Our loyalty to our Fatherland gives us strength. Thus it was, thus it is, and thus it will be forever! Be glorious, our free Fatherland, Age-old union of fraternal peoples, Popular wisdom given by our forebears! Be glorious, our country! We are proud of you!"
144,Rwanda,"Rwanda, our beautiful and dear country Adorned of hills, lakes and volcanoes Motherland, would be always filled of happiness Us all your children: Rwandans [Abanyarwanda] Let us sing your glare and proclaim your high facts You, maternal bosom of us all Would be admired forever, prosperous and cover of praises. Invaluable heritage, that God protects to you You filled us priceless goods Our common culture identifies us Our single language unifies us That our intelligence, our conscience and our forces Fill you with varied riches For an unceasingly renewed development. Our valorous ancestors Gave themselves bodies and souls As far as making you a big nation You overcame the colonial-imperialistic yoke That has devastated Africa entirely And has your joy of your sovereign independence Acquired that constantly we will defend. Maintain this cape, beloved Rwanda, Standing, we commit for you So that peace reigns countrywide That you are free of all hindrance That your determination hires progress That you have excellent relations with all countries And that finally your pride is worth your esteem."
145,Saint Kitts and Nevis,"O Land of Beauty! Our country where peace abounds, Thy children stand free On the strength of will and love. With God in all our struggles, Saint Kitts and Nevis be, A nation bound together, With a common destiny. As stalwarts we stand, For justice and liberty. With wisdom and truth, We will serve and honor thee. No sword nor spear can conquer, For God will sure defend. His blessings shall forever, To posterity extend."
146,Saint Lucia,"Sons and daughters of Saint Lucia, love the land that gave us birth. Land of beaches, hills and valleys, fairest isle of all the earth! Wheresoever you may roam, love oh love, our island home. Gone the times when nations battled for this 'Helen of the West'. Gone the days when strife and discord dimmed her children's toil and rest. Dawns at last a brighter day, stretches out a glad new way. May the good Lord bless our island, guard her sons from woe and harm. May our people live united, strong in soul and strong in arm. Justice, Truth and Charity, our ideal forever be!"
147,Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,"Saint Vincent, Land so beautiful, With joyful hearts we pledge to thee Our loyalty and love and vow To keep you ever free. What e'er the future brings, Our faith will see us through. May peace reign from shore to shore, And God bless and keep us true. Hairoun, Our fair and blessed Isle, Your mountains high, so clear and green, Are home to me, though I may stray, A haven, calm, serene. What e'er the future brings, Our faith will see us through. May peace reign from shore to shore, And God bless and keep us true. Our little sister islands are Those gems, the lovely Grenadines, Upon their seas and golden sands The sunshine ever beams. What e'er the future brings, Our faith will see us through. May peace reign from shore to shore, And God bless and keep us true."
148,Samoa,"Samoa, arise and raise your flag, your crown! Samoa, arise and raise your flag, your crown! Look at those stars that are waving on it: This is the symbol of Jesus, who died on it for Samoa. Oh, Samoa, hold fast your power forever. Do not be afraid; God is our foundation, our freedom. Samoa, arise: your flag is waving, your crown!"
149,San Marino,"O ancient Republic honour to you, virtuous honour to you. O ancient Republic honour to you, virtuous honour to you. Generous fidelity, O virtuous one, O Republic. Honour and eternal life with the life and glory of Italy. O Republic, honour to you."
150,Sao Tome and Principe,"Total independence, Glorious song of the people, Total independence, Sacred hymn of combat. Dynamism In the national struggle, Eternal oath To the sovereign country of São Tomé and Príncipe. Warriors in the war without weapons, Live flame in the soul of the people, Congregating the sons of the islands Around the Immortal Fatherland. Total independence, total and complete, Building, in progress and peace, The happiest nation on earth, With the heroic arms of the people. Total independence, Glorious song of the people, Total independence, Sacred hymn of combat. Working, struggling, struggling and conquering, We go ahead with giant steps In the crusade of the African peoples, Raising the national flag. Voice of the people, present, present and united, Strong beat in the heart of hope To be a hero in the hour of peril, A hero of the Nation's resurgence. Total independence, Glorious song of the people, Total independence, Sacred hymn of combat. Dynamism In the national struggle, Eternal oath To the sovereign country of São Tomé and Príncipe."
151,Saudi Arabia,"Hasten To glory and supremacy, Glorify the Creator of the heavens! And raise the green flag Carrying the written light reflecting guidance, Repeat: God is the greatest! O my country! My country, Live as the pride of Muslims! Long live the King For the flag And the homeland!"
152,Senegal,"Everyone strum your koras, strike the balafons. The red lion has roared. The tamer of the savannah Has leapt forward, Dispelling the darkness. Sunlight on our terrors, sunlight on our hope. Stand up, brothers, here is Africa assembled. Fibres of my green heart, Shoulder to shoulder, my more-than-brothers, O Senegalese, arise! Join sea and springs, join steppe and forest! Hail mother Africa."
153,Serbia,"God of Justice; Thou who saved us when in deepest bondage cast, Hear Thy Serbian children's voices, Be our help as in the past. Hear Thy Serbian children's voices, Still our rugged pathway trace; God, our hope; protect and cherish, Serbian lands and Serbian race! God, our hope; protect and cherish, Serbian lands and Serbian race! On our sepulchre of ages Breaks the resurrection morn, From the slough of direst slavery Serbia anew is born. Through five hundred years of durance We have knelt before Thy face, All our kin, O God! Deliver, Thus entreats the Serbian race! All our kin, O God! Deliver, Thus entreats the Serbian race!"
154,Seychelles,"Seychelles, our only motherland Where we live in harmony Happiness, love and peace We give thanks to God. Preserve the beauty of our country The riches of our oceans A precious heritage For the happiness of our children. Live forever in unity Raise our flag Together for all eternity Join together all Seychellois."
155,Sierra Leone,"High we exalt thee, realm of the free; Great is the love we have for thee; Firmly united ever we stand, Singing thy praise, O native land. We raise up our hearts and our voices on high, The hills and the valleys re-echo our cry; Blessing and peace be ever thine own, Land that we love, our Sierra Leone. One with a faith that wisdom inspires, One with a zeal that never tires; Ever we seek to honour thy name, Ours is the labour, thine the fame. We pray that no harm on thy children may fall, That blessing and peace may descend on us all; So may we serve thee ever alone, Land that we love, our Sierra Leone. Knowledge and truth our forefathers spread, Mighty the nations whom they led; Mighty they made thee, so too may we Show forth the good that is ever in thee. We pledge our devotion, our strength and our might, Thy cause to defend and to stand for thy right; All that we have be ever thine own, Land that we love, our Sierra Leone."
156,Singapore,"Come, we (fellow) Singaporeans (Let us progress) towards happiness together (May) our noble aspiration (make) Singapore successful Come, let us unite With a new spirit (Together) we all proclaim Onward Singapore Onward Singapore Come, let us unite With a new spirit (Together) we all proclaim Onward Singapore Onward Singapore"
157,Slovakia,"There is lightning over the Tatras Thunders loudly sound There is lightning over the Tatras Thunders loudly sound Let us stop them, brothers After all they will disappear The Slovaks will revive Let us stop them, brothers After all they will disappear The Slovaks will revive That Slovakia of ours Had been sleeping by now That Slovakia of ours Had been sleeping by now But the thunder's lightnings Are rousing the land To wake it up But the thunder's lightnings Are rousing the land To wake it up"
158,Slovenia,"God's blessing on all nations Who long and work for that bright day When o'er earth's habitations No war, no strife shall hold its sway Who long to see That all men free No more shall foes, but neighbours be! Who long to see That all men free No more shall foes, but neighbours be! No more shall foes, but neighbours be!"
159,Solomon Islands,"God Save our Solomon Islands from shore to shore Blessed all our people and all our lands With your protecting hands Joy, Peace, Progress and Prosperity That men shall brothers be, make nations see our Solomon Islands, our Solomon Islands Our nation Solomon Islands Stands forever more."
160,Somalia,"Every nation has its own flag. Ours is like the sky without any signs of clouds All of which we have come to love. Oh you White Star, at your service we are Superior you are, in any part of our land Be famous oh Star, like the sun Every nation has its own flag. Ours is like the sky without any signs of clouds All of which we have come to love. On the day you arose, our hearts you have Purified with pureness O Allah, do not dim the flag, pray we in this night Every nation has its own flag. Ours is like the sky without any signs of clouds All of which we have come to love."
161,South Africa,"Out of the blue of our heavens, Out of the depths of our seas, Over everlasting mountains, Where the echoing crags resound"
162,South Korea,"Until that day when Mt. Baekdu is worn away and the East Sea's waters run dry, May God protect and preserve our country! Roses of Sharon and three thousand Ri full of splendid mountains and rivers; Great Koreans, to the Great Korean way, always stay true! As the pine atop Namsan Peak stands firm, unchanged through wind and frost, as if wrapped in armour, so shall our resilient spirit. Roses of Sharon and three thousand Ri full of splendid mountains and rivers; Great Koreans, to the Great Korean way, always stay true! The autumn skies are void and vast, high and cloudless; the bright moon is like our heart, undivided and true. Roses of Sharon and three thousand Ri full of splendid mountains and rivers; Great Koreans, to the Great Korean way, always stay true! With this spirit and this mind, let us give all loyalty, in suffering or joy, to love our nation. Roses of Sharon and three thousand Ri full of splendid mountains and rivers; Great Koreans, to the Great Korean way, always stay true!"
163,South Sudan,"Oh God We praise and glorify You For Your grace on South Sudan, Land of great abundance Uphold us united in peace and harmony. Oh motherland We rise raising flag with the guiding star And sing songs of freedom with joy; For justice, liberty and prosperity Shall forever more reign. Oh great patriots Let us stand up in silence and respect, Saluting our martyrs whose blood Cemented our national foundation, We vow to protect our nation. Oh God, bless South Sudan!"
164,Spain,No Lyris
165,Sri Lanka,"Thou Mother Lanka, Oh Mother Lanka we salute, salute, salute, salute Thee! Plenteous in prosperity, Thou, Beauteous in grace and love, Laden with grain and luscious fruit, And fragrant flowers of radiant hue, Giver of life and all good things, Our land of joy and victory, Receive our grateful praise sublime, we worship, worship Thee. Oh Mother Lanka! We salute, salute, salute, salute Thee! Thou gavest us Knowledge and Truth, Thou art our strength and inward faith, Our light divine and sentient being, Breath of life and liberation. Grant us, bondage free, inspiration. Inspire us for ever. In wisdom and strength renewed, Ill-will, hatred, strife all ended, In love enfolded, a mighty nation Marching onward, all as one, Lead us, Mother, to fullest freedom, we worship, worship Thee Oh Mother Lanka! We salute, salute, salute, salute Thee!"
166,Sudan,"We are the soldiers of God, the soldiers of our homeland, We never fail when called for sacrifice. Death, we defy at adversity. Glory, we buy with the highest price. This land is ours. May, our Sudan, live long, an edifice among the nations, O Sons of the Sudan, this is your symbol, which shoulders your burden and shields your land."
167,Suriname,"Rise countrymen, rise! The soil of Suriname is calling you. Wherever our ancestors came from We should take care of our country. There is a fight to fight, we shall not be afraid. God is our leader. Our whole life until death, We shall fight for Suriname."
168,Sweden,"You ancient, you free, you mountainous north You quiet, you joyful beauty! I greet you, loveliest land upon Earth, Your sun, your sky, your green meadows. Your sun, your sky, your green meadows. You are enthroned on memories of great olden days, When honoured your name flew across the Earth, I know that you are and remain what you were, Yes, I want to live, I want to die in the North. Yes, I want to live, I want to die in the North."
169,Switzerland,"When the morning skies grow red And o'er their radiance shed, Thou, O Lord, appeareth in their light. When the Alps glow bright with splendour, Pray, free Swiss, Pray, For you feel and understand, For you feel and understand, That he dwelleth in this land. That he dwelleth in this land."
170,Syria,"Guardians of homeland, upon you be peace, our ever-proud souls refuse to be seized. The den of Arabism is our sacred home, and the throne of our suns will never go down. The mountains of Syria are towers in height, which talk with the zenith of the highest skies. A land that is splendid with brilliant sun, turning to a sky or almost a sky. The flutter of our hopes and the beats of our hearts, depicted on the flag that united our land. Did we not derive the black from every man's eye, and from ink of martyrs' blood wrote to the tall sky? Spirits defiant and past so glorious, and the martyrs' souls are our guardians. From us, a nation of souls and bravery, Thy glory comes from us, my homeland!"
171,Taiwan,"San Min Chu-i, Our aim shall be: To found a free land, World peace, be our stand. Lead on, comrades, Vanguards ye are. Hold fast your aim, By sun and star. Be earnest and brave, Your country to save, One heart, one soul, One mind, one goal.."
172,Tajikistan,"Our beloved country, We are happy to see your pride. Let your happiness and prosperity be forever. We have reached this day since ancient times, We stand under your flag, under your flag. Long live my Homeland, My free Tajikistan! You are a symbol of our ancestors' hope Our honour and dignity, You are an eternal world for your sons, Your spring will never end, We remain loyal to you, loyal to you. Long live my Homeland, My free Tajikistan! You are a mother for all of us, Your future is our future, Your meaning is the meaning of our souls and bodies, You give us happiness forever, Because of you, we love the world, love the world. Long live my Homeland, My free Tajikistan!"
173,Tanzania,"God bless Africa Bless its leaders Wisdom, unity and peace These are our shields Africa and its people Bless Africa, Bless Africa Bless us, the children of Africa God bless Tanzania Grant eternal freedom and unity To its women, men and children God bless Tanzania and its people Bless Tanzania, Bless Tanzania Bless us, the children of Tanzania."
174,Thailand,"Thailand unites the flesh and blood of Thais. The land of Thailand belongs to the Thais. Long has been our independence, wish sovereignty allowed to maintain it, Because Thais have been united forever. The Thais are peaceful and loving, but are not cowards in war. Our sovereignty will never be threatened, We will sacrifice every drop of our blood for our nation. We are ready to die for freedom, security, and prosperity!"
175,Timor-Leste,"Fatherland, fatherland, East Timor our Nation. Glory to the people and to the heroes of our liberation. Fatherland, fatherland, East Timor our Nation. Glory to the people and to the heroes of our liberation. We vanquish colonialism, we cry: down with imperialism! Free land, free people, No, no, no to exploitation. Let us go forward, united, firm and determined In the struggle against imperialism, the enemy of people, until final victory, onward to revolution."
176,Togo,"Hail to thee, land of our forefathers' Thou who made them strong, Peaceful and happy, Cultivating virtue and bravery For prosperity. Even if tyrants shall come, Thy heart yearns towards freedom. Togo arise! Let us fight without faltering. Victory or death, but in dignity. God almighty, Thou alone, Hast made Togo prosper. People of Togo arise! Let us build the nation."
177,Tonga,"Oh almighty God above Thou art our lord and sure defense As your people, we trust thee And our Tonga thou dost love Hear our prayer for thou unseen We know that thou hath blessed our land Grant our earnest supplication God save Tupou, our king."
178,Trinidad and Tobago,"Forged from the love of liberty In the fires of hope and prayer With boundless faith in our destiny We solemnly declare: Side by side we stand Islands of the blue Caribbean sea, This our native land We pledge our lives to thee. Here every creed and race find an equal place, And may God bless our nation Here every creed and race find an equal place, And may God bless our nation."
179,Tunisia,"O defenders of the Homeland! Rally around to the glory of our time! The blood surges in our veins, We die for the sake of our land. Let the heavens roar with thunder Let thunderbolts rain with fire. Men and youth of Tunisia, O defenders of the Homeland! Rally around to the glory of our time! The blood surges in our veins, We die for the sake of our land. O defenders of the Homeland! Rally around to the glory of our time! The blood surges in our veins, We die for the sake of our land. As a nation we inherited Arms like granite towers. Holding aloft our proud flag flying, We boast of it, it boasts of us, Arms that achieve ambitions and glory, Sure to realize our hopes, Inflict defeat on foes, Offer peace to friends. O defenders of the Homeland! Rally around to the glory of our time! The blood surges in our veins, We die for the sake of our land. When the people will to live, Destiny must surely respond. Oppression shall then vanish. Fetters are certain to break. O defenders of the Homeland! Rally around to the glory of our time! The blood surges in our veins, We die for the sake of our land."
180,Turkey,"Fear not; For the crimson banner that proudly ripples in this glorious dawn, shall not fade, Before the last fiery hearth that is ablaze within my homeland is extinguished. For that is the star of my people, and it will forever shine; It is mine; and solely belongs to my valiant nation. Frown not, I beseech you, oh thou coy crescent! Smile upon my heroic nation! Why the anger, why the rage? Our blood which we shed for you shall not be worthy otherwise; For freedom is the absolute right of my God-worshipping nation!"
181,Turkmenistan,"I am ready to give life for our native hearth The spirit of ancestors descendants are famous for. My land is sacred, my flag flies in the world A symbol of the great neutral country flies The forever great creation of the people The native land, the sovereign state Forever, the light and song of the soul, Long live and prosper, Turkmenistan! My nation is united and in veins of tribes Our ancestors' blood, undying flows. Storms and misfortunes of times are not dreadful for us, Let us increase fame and honour. The forever great creation of the people The native land, the sovereign state Forever, the light and song of the soul, Long live and prosper, Turkmenistan!"
182,Tuvalu,"""Tuvalu for the Almighty"" Are the words we hold most dear; For as people or as leaders Of Tuvalu we all share In the knowledge that God Ever rules in heav'n above, And that we in this land Are united in His love. We build on a sure foundation When we trust in God's great law; ""Tuvalu for the Almighty"" Be our song for evermore! Let us trust our lives henceforward To the King to whom we pray, With our eyes fixed firmly on Him He is showing us the way. ""May we reign with Him in glory"" Be our song for evermore, for His almighty power Is our strength from shore to shore. Shout aloud in jubilation To the King Whom we adore. ""Tuvalu free and united"" Be our song for evermore!"
183,Uganda,"Oh Uganda! May God uphold Thee, We lay our future in thy hand, United, free, For liberty, Together we'll always stand. Oh Uganda! The land of Freedom, Our love and labor we give, And with neighbours' all, At our Country's call, In peace and friendship, we'll live. Oh Uganda! The land that Feeds us, By sun and fertile soil grown, For our own dear land, We'll always stand, The Pearl of Africa's Crown."
184,Ukraine,"Nay, thou art not dead, Ukraine, see, thy glory's born again, And the skies, O brethren, upon us smile once more! As in Springtime melts the snow, so shall melt away the foe, And we shall be masters in our own home. Soul and body, yea, our all, offer we at freedom's call We, whose forebears, and ourselves, proud Cossacks are! Soul and body, yea, our all, offer we at freedom's call We, whose forebears, and ourselves, proud Cossacks are!"
185,United Arab Emirates (UAE),"Long live my country, the unity of our Emirates lives. You have lived for a nation whose religion is Islam and guide is the Qur'an. I made you stronger in Allah's name—oh, homeland! My country, my country, my country, my country. Allah has protected you from the evils of the time. We have sworn to build and work – work sincerely, work sincerely! As long as we live, we will be sincere. The safety has lasted and the flag has lived—oh, our Emirates! The symbol of Arabism: We all sacrifice for you and give you our blood; We sacrifice for you with our souls—oh, homeland!"
186,United Kingdom (UK),"God save our gracious Queen! Long live our noble Queen! God save the Queen! Send her victorious, Happy and glorious, Long to reign over us: God save the Queen! Thy choicest gifts in store, On her be pleased to pour; Long may she reign: May she defend our laws, And ever give us cause, To sing with heart and voice, God save the Queen!"
187,United States of America (USA),"O say can you see, by the dawn's early light, What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming, Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight, O'er the ramparts we watched, were so gallantly streaming? And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air, Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there; O say does that star-spangled banner yet wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?"
188,Uruguay,"Easterners, the Fatherland or the grave, Liberty or with glory, we die! Easterners, the Fatherland or the grave, Liberty or with glory, we die! Is the vote that the soul pronounces, And which, heroically we will fulfill! Is the vote that the soul pronounces, And which, heroically we will fulfill! Which we will fulfill! Is the vote that the soul pronounces, And which, heroically we will fulfill! Which we will fulfill! We will fulfill! We will fulfill! We will fulfill! Freedom, Freedom, Easterners! This cry saved the fatherland. That his bravery in fierce battles Of sublime enthusiasm enflamed. Freedom, Freedom, Easterners! This cry saved the fatherland. That his bravery in fierce battles Of sublime enthusiasm enflamed. This sacred gift, of glory we've deserved: tyrants tremble! Tyrants tremble! Tyrants tremble! Liberty in combat we will Cry Out! And even dying, Freedom we shall also Shout! Liberty in combat we will Cry Out! And even dying, Freedom we shall also Shout! And even dying, Freedom we shall also Shout! Freedom we shall also Shout! Freedom we shall also Shout! Easterners, the Fatherland or the grave, Liberty or with glory, we die! Easterners, the Fatherland or the grave, Liberty or with glory, we die! Is the vote that the soul pronounces, And which, heroically we will fulfill! Is the vote that the soul pronounces, And which, heroically we will fulfill! Which we will fulfill! Is the vote that the soul pronounces, And which, heroically we will fulfill! Which we will fulfill! We will fulfill! We will fulfill! We will fulfill!"
189,Uzbekistan,"My sunny free land, happiness and salvation to your people, You are a warmhearted companion to your friends, to your friends! Flourish forever with learning and creativity, May your glory shine as long as the world exists! These golden valleys – dear Uzbekistan, The courageous spirit of your ancestors is with you! When the great power of the people raged, (You did) have charmed the world(land)! The faith of an open-hearted Uzbek does not die out, The young free generation is a strong wing for you, strong wing for you! Beacon of independence, the guardian of peace, Lover of truth, Oh motherland, flourish forever! These golden valleys – dear Uzbekistan, The courageous spirit of your ancestors is with you! When the great power of the people raged, (You did) have charmed the world(land)!"
190,Vanuatu,"We are, we are, we are happy to proclaim We are, we are, we are the people of Vanuatu God has given us this land, We are grateful for this, We are strong and we are free in this land, We are all brothers! We are, we are, we are happy to proclaim We are, we are, we are the people of Vanuatu Many customs of before we have, Many customs from today, But we are all one, Despite our many ways! We are, we are, we are happy to proclaim We are, we are, we are the people of Vanuatu We know there is plenty of work to be done, On all our many islands, God helps us in our work, He is Our Father! We are, we are, we are happy to proclaim We are, we are, we are the people of Vanuatu."
191,Vatican City (Holy See),"O happy Rome, O happy Rome, the most famous. O happy Rome, Roma felix noble Rome. You are the seat of Peter, who takes the place of Christ, You are the seat of Peter, who is an apostle of peace. Pope will be with us all Are the teacher of the Pope who, you confirm your brethren. Pope will be with us all Are the teacher of the Pope who, you confirm your brethren. And the strength of the foundation of our high priest, The shepherd of the flock, linking heaven and earth and fisher of men. Peter, you are the vicar of Christ on the earth, Amidst the waves, you are a beacon, and the truth. You are the love, you are the guardian of unity, Prompt defender of liberty; authority in you. Peter, you are the vicar of Christ on the earth, Amidst the waves, you are a beacon, and the truth. You are the love, you are the guardian of unity, Prompt defender of liberty; authority in you. O noble Rome, Oh fortunate, noble Rome."
192,Venezuela,"Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour. Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour. “Down with chains!” “Down with chains!” The man yelled; The man yelled; And the poor man in his hovel For Freedom implored. Upon this holy name Trembled in great dread The vile selfishness That had once prevailed. Upon this holy name Trembled in great dread The vile selfishness That had once prevailed. The vile selfishness That had once prevailed. Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour. Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour. Let’s scream out aloud: Let’s scream out aloud: ""Death to oppression!"" ""Death to oppression!"" Oh, loyal countrymen: Strength is in unity; And from the Empyrean The Supreme Author A sublime spirit To the people blew. And from the Empyrean The Supreme Author A sublime spirit To the people blew. A sublime spirit To the people blew. Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour. Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour. United by bonds United by bonds That Heaven has formed, That Heaven has formed, The entire America Exists as a Nation; And if ever despotism Raises again its voice, Then follow the example That Caracas gave. And if ever despotism Raises again its voice, Then follow the example That Caracas gave. Then follow the example That Caracas gave. Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour. Glory to the brave people who shook off the yoke, The law respecting, virtue and honour."
193,Vietnam,"Soldiers of Vietnam, we go forward, With the one will to save our Fatherland, Our hurried steps are sounding on the long and arduous road. Our flag, red with the blood of victory, bears the spirit of our country. The distant rumbling of the guns passes over the bodies of our foes. Overcoming all hardships, together we build our resistance bases. Ceaselessly for the people’s cause let us struggle, Let us hasten to the battle-field! Forward! All together advancing! Our Vietnam is strong, eternal. Soldiers of Vietnam, we go forward! The gold star of our flag in the wind Leading our people, our native land, out of misery and suffering. Let us join our efforts in the fight for the building of a new life. Let us stand up and break our chains For too long have we swallowed our hatred. Let us keep ready for all sacrifices and our life will be radiant. Ceaselessly for the people’s cause let us struggle, Let us hasten to the battle-field! Forward! All together advancing! Our Vietnam is strong, eternal."
194,Yemen,"Repeat, O World, my song. Echo it over and over again. Remember, through my joy, each martyr. Clothe him with the shining mantles of our festivals. Repeat, O World, my song. Repeat, O World, my song. My unity, Oh marvelous song which fills my heart, You are the promise of all to come, My banner, Oh cloth nailed from every sun Raised forever, on every peak My nation, give me strength, Oh source of strength And save me for you, the best of nations. In faith and love I am part of mankind, And I shall march first among the Arabs. And my heart beat shall remain that of a Yemenite. No foreigner shall ever hold dominion over Yemen."
195,Zambia,"Stand and sing of Zambia, proud and free, Land of work and joy in unity, Victors in the struggle for our rights, We've won freedom's fight. All one, Strong and Free. Africa is our own motherland, Fashion'd with and blessed by God's good hand, Let us all her people join as one, Brothers under the sun. All one, Strong and Free. One land and one nation is our cry, Dignity and peace 'neath Zambia's sky, Like our noble eagle in its flight, Zambia, praise to thee. All one, Strong and Free. Praise be to God, Praise be, praise be, praise be, Bless our great nation, Zambia, Zambia, Zambia. Free men we stand Under the flag of our land. Zambia, praise to thee! All one, Strong and Free."
196,Zimbabwe,"O lift high, high, our flag of Zimbabwe; Born of the fire of the revolution; And of the precious blood of our heroes. Let's defend it against all foes; Blessed be the land of Zimbabwe. Behold Zimbabwe so richly adorned With mountains and rivers, beautiful. Let rain abound and fields yield the seed May all be fed and workers rewarded. Blessed be the land of Zimbabwe. O God, bless the land of Zimbabwe, The land of our heritage, From the Zambezi to the Limpopo. May our leaders be just and exemplary, Blessed be the land of Zimbabwe."
